Kind: en is scalper This the in guy best the the ever world first where for time he power strategy the his showcases of and down step. it by breaks step Freemon. for You You this put wait candle. the here. either. loss target stop You This main a traders main a traders main a traders They anticipate money. to use try what is the market before the doing market People manipulation. People manipulation. People manipulation. to and They break they try out fail. the will You the will You the will You see break will trader finally a down candle he by what candle exactly thinks to during is happen New going live York session. are for &gt;&gt; getting the We ready squeeze. will here. squeeze present The be Look, you &gt;&gt; have there it. I I out, When you scale &gt;&gt; told will it's when this, because see exactly you the is next aggressive step sellers. &gt;&gt; coded This &gt;&gt; coded This &gt;&gt; coded This top showcasing top showcasing top showcasing for free &gt;&gt; to a of give audience bit to the little reference. either minutes, can 15 You do 3 can hour 3 can hour 3 can hour or do aggressive you the one. can most That I setup That I setup That I setup took exactly will is I before what execute world How in trading I the cup. did in did in did in trading building the is for cup profit day, for day, for day, for building the in for And profit day. directional risk directional risk directional risk &gt;&gt; You've &gt;&gt; You've &gt;&gt; You've anything It you like will away. it. blow Make tune this Make tune this Make tune this Chart everyone Chart everyone Chart everyone Chart go-to Chart go-to Chart go-to all very strategies the trading of best and with and with and with best the of in Talking traders world. which, have which, have which, have scalper a at us, scalper with future that. been top that. been top that. been top the of Club, rankings Robins world the actually a actually a actually a over And in 500% that the return. is futures well. futures well. futures well. already it you know is. don't who If know, to know. you're get We're going to going through strategy go exact to his that to to that to to that to to incredible the incredible the incredible the is and Valentina. one Fabia the only &gt;&gt; for Ritz. &gt;&gt; for Ritz. &gt;&gt; for Ritz. today go in today go in today go in that in champion. I the I used world made about I made about I made about I source this um this and for podcast before explain model to the starting how works to the need what's we explain misconception structure about in market the I start market. will drawing So just it what traders and 90% do explain of and of money. why traders So 90% lose let's let's let's &gt;&gt; that'll &gt;&gt; that'll &gt;&gt; that'll &gt;&gt; of structure concept market The the that's a traders what lot do usually of and confirm is you it. what can This usually uh market done a it's watching structure change structure change structure change or are that There terms breakout. 100 you for can it. use &gt;&gt; what to they And they do try uh try is to following like trend pattern go when this then just and can presents they wait uh jump for retracement in the to just considering in through are going we a here the sentiment using short like concept or if of order you supply block want more the to fancy algo be following uh and go level to mitigation continue down. I a down. I a down. I a years is pattern experience this of that usually if frame work don't doesn't you it correct and in uh to the concept frame the you it correct need in concept to to to something necessary the is is that that profile. need profile. need profile. need exactly are market where in and you the what's picture are big you the that watching this watching this watching this presented when the of of curve distribution bell the the like are day this exactly is you jumping on to on to on to the of M distribution volume. lower the &gt;&gt; this is and says that what statistically only 30% will the remain go rest in through will what the area. it's fair So called value you keep out just stopped will getting till really to the uh take market decide off. is a off. is a off. is a traders to a that embark journey try on of following of following of following understand that win soon the really uh rate what expecting not were is they like when to like when to like when to example from they level and this here say will 50% say will 50% say will 50% rate three to 1 &gt;&gt; not you you is because not this real are are what is reading market not the saying trying the are predict you to market &gt;&gt; okay &gt;&gt; good order &gt;&gt; good order &gt;&gt; good order about in that analysis is volume general you knowledge when the understand get to to because same stay if pattern away the is presented in it's different area completely this a situation you need to this to explain we go AMT the of AMT uh nature to is real the is of market the auction and concept market is and market auction theory an it balanced it balanced it balanced &gt;&gt; participants all are market transactioning imbalance to efficiently Now not in is in market usually imbalance. in imbalance. in imbalance. in that's why start reason that the traders take of take of take of they get and they get and they get and liquidated can you you what by call want. call can You spring, call can you liquidation, call liquidation, call liquidation, call seeking want it's you if everything even not behind but happens curtains what the you get spring. try the M to last &gt;&gt; move you &gt;&gt; move you &gt;&gt; move you this 10 1 you to a because 1 becomes to2 take to do take to do take to do Now do change Now do change Now do change wait market to for to a the get condition of win out your of balance rate will &gt;&gt; by 20 And jump at to this up least 30%. is building the the of exactly point model use. call model I I a that Why it and strategy? concept a the not Because of a rules of a rules of a rules need strictly. can to And you follow how follow of without group strictly a rules understanding if the the narrative market dynamic like a It's is entity? trying an is to animal not cage that made in And made in And made in And every adapts. every adapts. every adapts. yesterday this yesterday this yesterday this America we a bombing open gap Iran. with down You down You down You that today as market behave the will Friday. have Friday. have Friday. have behavior. it's is what you Now helping understanding can understanding can understanding can profile time and exactly entry to your your this step your this step your this step the model and the and the and the location you location you location you trade are balance. when out So you of your your your okay traded. to okay traded. to okay traded. to all are you the using. start traders So to market you the and see structure start which be to area used validate can to trade. on jump &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; now handy &gt;&gt; now handy &gt;&gt; now handy supply zones comes demand it and and handy inefficiency. understand to Now we about inefficiency can it if talk uh nowadays uh nowadays uh nowadays used fair used fair used fair &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; happened the what behind But really curtains the curtains the curtains the inefficiency one more when is is part aggressive other. the than &gt;&gt; market momentum So gets in the really one this you direction is think and if about the to it best transact is moment because is this market you the telling and not is this &gt;&gt; opinion personal personal your my or opinion. market us the telling What is look of look of look of &gt;&gt; for level &gt;&gt; for level &gt;&gt; for level that down. it here, be it be will So can it here, be I'm be can but can it here, telling I there. you will Okay. that go &gt;&gt; same telling the the is that At time you sellers aggressive sellers aggressive sellers aggressive because getting of are kind you this concept. when to And you step that's go two. is of two concept Step the validating the level. &gt;&gt; now the Mhm. you direction, Because have you condition market, the the have of the and three status have market you possible you possible you possible you by the Now watching other it at area. comes concept handy called a order is concept flow not but that a it's alphabet way like a of an new reading reading reading &gt;&gt; of try &gt;&gt; of try &gt;&gt; of try what inside using happening candle is a multi-time Yeah, analysis. frame &gt;&gt; the is &gt;&gt; the is &gt;&gt; the is trader market the analyze &gt;&gt; like get bullseye bullseye bullseye &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; blinded. &gt;&gt; Mhm. maybe it two maybe it two maybe it two will you times work, don't it but have about Yeah. about Yeah. about Yeah. what do you &gt;&gt; you is can So can that use that breakouts area the this create and that an let's I arrow consider make here zoom is we what and out. happening here. if exactly Okay. this inside So is point this swing break the that low just what will for traders watch is value inefficiency value inefficiency value inefficiency when is is candle that the not What do What do What do you from to you from to you from to point B using profile watch there &gt;&gt; exactly are to when low volume node. And this saw Yes. know I &gt;&gt; I because the that made other you and interview have I the of like also really model Carmen think really Rosato. he's good I a order and something and something and something to I similar am really what doing volume a low it's because node really level. level. level. you it continuation. So use a &gt;&gt; can as If a node we low here have volume the we down that go probability will is really high. &gt;&gt; Yeah. you add of you add of you add of refinement. You direction, &gt;&gt; have you Mhm. the have you refinement location, the the have of Now the location. need the you step step a more three little The is bit because part because part because part really experience you the you need and just and cannot it okay automate say it's it's it's it's it's it's to I sensitive What is market. use big when analyzing So is orders. there one let's a specific say in point here of of of Mhm. &gt;&gt; Okay. order &gt;&gt; in platform And flow you typically bubbles. see Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. use you Okay. use you Okay. use you bubbles. see When direction &gt;&gt; is and there location aggression ability is your to zero your predict but to 100. exactly read You ability is are in market correct in at tuning the the and not moment are what you predicting going You So going You So going You So really when really when really when aggression have see don't huge you a loss out stop example balance. for of don't huge above have stop You a loss high can the you protected but get above sell above sell above sell Yeah. risk-to-reward &gt;&gt; your it's So rate big the the but same really at time of is of is of is big one are also what really this you if make is if make is if make is on of swimming direction flow. the the Yeah &gt;&gt; because being by because being by because being by aggression by market also the and all that and traders long this were when breaks their breaks their breaks their you catalyst get get down, So the you location aggression the the the of of and also point you the cell get target can We this can We this can We this directly previous directly previous directly previous Yeah, the Yeah, the Yeah, the moves. remove here. the this But Let's part how moves is moves is moves is Mhm. balance. So go here &gt;&gt; you of the if out and balance this previous was where area one P control, point your of the where of previous the &gt;&gt; point majority volume it's the located, The was here. that go that go that go and here, pattern enter say, you let's don't break to need your you to mind where put where put where put Maybe try 30. Maybe try 30. Maybe try 30. is Traders is Traders is Traders that risk is we to not the reward influencing rate. The seek above &gt;&gt; you go AT more to the the probability daily, the get more will Hey hope lower. I enjoying guys, you're episode And this far. forget, so don't send strategy send strategy send strategy every free every free every free So for So for So for in below. is description just the So sure that. put you You make click just email every we in single your and week send up-to-date will an strategy you PDF for keep, breakdown to learn you to to free. from, for don't reference And we're Chart also forget, launching Live favorite where Fanatics your from will traders Fanatics live Chart be every I be single will trading day. also special the special the special the fanatics make fanatics make fanatics make go that you to channel subscribe YouTube now. on profile is the right linked main Chart make of So, you're Fanatics. sure for to in that. 6 ready Up million funding. possible funding. possible funding. possible place, Funding. one Trader can Apex You up accounts No up accounts No up accounts No firm even firm even firm even that Apex the that Apex the that Apex the of firm. out futures have any Already out a paid half dollars. over billion a so traders billion far Half dollars to like the just across They're you. world. stranger podcast no the chart to or We've of fanatics. some record had the of in holders payouts firm largest prop Obviously, Apex only history. through Trader did with who $1.9 Kane, over in payout, million single Jadecap, a and also $2.3 a done million who's over in payout Not you at only single Apex. can up accounts, it's to but get 20 also a There's a There's a There's draw to draw to draw to each 100% keep each 100% keep each 100% keep profit And 90% thereafter. of split most there's cap. all, profit don't no Now, you a Apex can payout forget, get at 8 you either days. can every So, get 25K the to account way their all up 300K you up 300K you up 300K you up accounts. sure 20 make you're Now, when an Apex, the account you getting at use CF to at code up off Trader for 90% Apex The in Funding. is description link the Use CF. to Use CF. to Use CF. to in today. in today. in today. get the with back episode. let's to So, model, uncommon model, uncommon model, uncommon market back the snap because will inside you and when aggression of see out the to balance, needs for market search balance. new It's being. are &gt;&gt; human we a like When in of heart condition our to fear, continue takia don't to till get have we back Yeah. calm. And okay are &gt;&gt; say we Okay. we now stable. This what is is the &gt;&gt; exactly market So three a the is doing. step getting for that for that for that of model trigger uh aggression the is that The and point. point target target is and also objective noticed really I this also this also this also the cup we um champion during world that also window day get during can a the this really this really this really Okay. best use So session Yeah. the to model New this 100% session it's York for for for for for for uh yes is and uh uh working for and not during hour properly first London the of I use and try this session. to model London London London you of inside see balance &gt;&gt; out back out back out back out back This by balance. called fake is traders Yeah. usually outs. it's the And when is is is um about um really direction. &gt;&gt; clear So one that to is I remove concept use this I before that trade York don't New I before session. trade York only New in cup a in cup a in cup a model. reverting Okay. was opposite &gt;&gt; I the we So doing and go it can through it's also because profitable even and extremely it's to one easier this the implement and one. say a So that balanced let's in market statistical from perspective the during session indices session indices session indices mean Okay. mean Okay. mean Okay. less you a less you a less you a trend. You bouncing &gt;&gt; will and Yeah. see going one that am one that am one that am the takes is that using one opportunity the deep when is of market discount the and the and the and in. the back it's misnaps Now same the we It's Now concept. opposite. are buy. a seeking We target. for have Why using Because are target? we this this where volume where volume where volume transacted. is transacted. is transacted. is market interest operators like are transact to willing here. &gt;&gt; Mhm. I this that &gt;&gt; do area I What in is don't first wait take movement. I the I wait first can the You for breakout. use for I action because price this get participants they participants they participants they do. risk is do. risk is do. risk is retracement they retracement they retracement they collapse. Yeah, a is Yeah, a is Yeah, a is I first clear get breakout when the and inside I'm the back balance. is This really probability high. &gt;&gt; Mhm. really Now This probability. &gt;&gt; high to more I more I more I the the wait hand big for of market I big So for participants. wait trades. &gt;&gt; Yeah. the of that So bubble order &gt;&gt; common buy I say, jump them. say, jump them. say, jump them. don't be I &gt;&gt; need a jump I to wizard. in best jumping when one in the are with big volume if I be and wrong, to &gt;&gt; I'm want wrong immediately. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because the that &gt;&gt; additional you all losing get are and are and are and I stop say put loss maybe the larger market against the going when is you will snap because it back. I will This something destroy something destroy something destroy account trading account trading account trading you do wrong you do wrong you do wrong when right and are immediately you when that an see get you you additional stop even. stop even. stop even. &gt;&gt; Yeah. after movement &gt;&gt; this you So small are free risk already on quite your you with &gt;&gt; aggressive risk management. aggressive risk I'm my &gt;&gt; with management need in because to this I put small ticks. ticks. ticks. &gt;&gt; Mhm. of or the of or the of or the you could or you could or you could or concept flow this order take without for example of order allows of order allows of order allows have align to confirmation you more more larger the with orders. working price It's for &gt;&gt; also action it's that &gt;&gt; like when but something you you it. you it. you it. um are mind So you your &gt;&gt; when trading as trader price trader price trader price nice see action but what is let's is the want happening level. to in you see then it's it I not and think convenient not for to orderflow nowadays use one we and reason edge simple are edge traders traders traders 5% rate more 5% rate more 5% rate more the the one the the one the the one hour more end hour more end hour more end month money so the more us of is for why all available all available all available in I I've trading seen been floor how and they institutional trade trader 90% trading 90% trading 90% trading the nowadays. discretionary But trading markets, use markets, use markets, use use orderflow. orderflow They because to they they see are want what doing. are because are because are because with of work amount they huge capital. prefer volume they use So to profile. short 10 But term, years for after of never better never better never better flow. nowadays order still than So the not The is changed. model getting only I've uh change made during that is high that seen period have compression we in 24 24 24 the you through the you through the you through end Yeah. summer of May like March. June the getting you market a see is little and NASDAQ and NASDAQ and NASDAQ really um are So movement choppy. what do say you is to can just create where not where not where not this okay So it's transact. model for it's for session, okay London not New York session, it's the I'm it's the I'm it's the I'm a it's giving model perfect you that for that going the we in months are because the with this behavior Iran is maybe and Israel, not America it be and will the summer do But yes to model. but &gt;&gt; this um it's properly. properly. properly. to in orderflow to in orderflow to in orderflow of of of know understanding know understanding know understanding flow So of remains in order right. terms principles using the you're of that when and using understanding orderflow that deciphering and information that of information the regardless conditions compressed whether or we're whether a volatility getting of we're lot and movement the principles &gt;&gt; lessons you the and take flow So flow So flow So because action of price outside with and action, is price problem purely the one, right? to right? to right? to stops trying where You're guess are. to the are where players guess big because see can't you it. equally, change, But conditions &gt;&gt; when the aren't you aren't you aren't you change be adapt. change be adapt. change be adapt. the you with flow, While order still adapt. you have you still to know, have in your to terms maybe change of your your risk trade management, management, order like the itself, but flow those still stop still stop still stop those are those are those are to same. to same. to same. but quick &gt;&gt; just question Um, a for weren't always You you yourself. were an or something trader it orderflow is you picked up? I free but No, a trader, &gt;&gt; was action I'm So comes So comes So comes and you to say, can me "Fabio, improve from here from here from here flow." flow." flow." &gt;&gt; Yeah, really it. think I'm to I &gt;&gt; open Like that needs the trader be a to most because new because new because new example, data tools if like for new MBO improve you improve you improve you you your be put shouldn't shouldn't ego say model best say model best say model best it's profit it's profit it's profit sharp use factor ratio it and just and your went connecting point to to I order also price also the flow because action to students to students to students let's we &gt;&gt; say have because that 100 this we watching and people okay say a structure okay break in use of favor trend a of for break the someone of this can is someone structure for be structure external for breakoff someone the and the the and the the and the Okay, say structure? I breakoff if to you look the the drop full profile for day the this is profile one. the is This level are balance it are balance it are balance it this be cannot it this be cannot it this. say it's this. say it's this. say it's go put of you just filter when here a 30 NASDAQ one on the contracts on minute think because cannot here you it's you the it's see So will ball. really there skill Now a objective. is in course reading market of sentiment, But explain change. I market when you something can something can something can test you exactly test you exactly test you exactly seeing action. I'm price what with I the is the is the is especially start especially start especially start multi-time doing frame. puts So yeah yeah yeah daily to 15 &gt;&gt; to H1 minutes, from H4 to 3 minutes. minutes, What's 1 the the you the you the you the the frame same trade is that that will really will really will really low. what going So That's was say. &gt;&gt; I to when to for comes teaching it say example is that is that is that quite becomes subjectiveness a everyone difficulty has because a different perception you you there's as as know &gt;&gt; said you a example showing good of really of that. when order then have But you flow of time regardless the &gt;&gt; that frame you you're you you're you you're the the looking areas charts that on are to same. going the all be Everyone's see thing. going the And to same those going reflected going reflected going reflected same board the the exactly across to person. know single you every While even of the say subjectiveness just a candle like red candlesticks large to might candle might candle might candle another be to they'll while person like goodness is my market oh the completely a off falling cliff they model see they model see they model see candle it's candle candle it's candle candle it's candle ATR include. how you So much you there lot and is of also a subjectivity let's consider that three analysis. we level We have of have lagging, real we we time are have and leading. indicators. you are if Lagging So get you if MACD, get you if stochastic, get RSI, created is this as of derivative uh price. you MACD always So uh is &gt;&gt; get that going never price, after anticipating. &gt;&gt; Yeah, is So watching is So watching is So watching is an real is an real is an real with are But you time. volume, watching before created. before created. before created. you of I an something give example that explained. this never And I Okay? is really to that me something helped see the to the to the to to break than to break than to break than Okay? say other So that people. let's we We long are We long are We long are balance have out and the of we previous of So point Okay. day control. with when put price can that action we break we level. When this even? break Yeah. with Because You me? we agree Yes. have protection can level that put of we here say will go. say will go. say will go. We that Yeah. break &gt;&gt; shouldn't low. Right. we one is we one is we one is That volume That volume That volume cumulative is cumulative is cumulative is is for you benchmark giving a pressure of volume. &gt;&gt; Mhm. you of the you of the you of the will new probability find point you a of high volume high volume high volume see the delta. this price You is maybe the delta the delta the delta when here this are doing you the delta this. delta this. delta this. it aggressive does that What mean buyers pushing gas are on and really the there lot because is of as a interest the up see goes don't price you sellers you buyers but that aggressive see are buy price we buy price we buy price we an there a an there a an there a of 1969 piece from limited Mustang okay the is and the is and the is and buyers 1.4 you starting 1.6 see 1.2 six that it the means price going they probably because is up are the in interested piece. what do see So can you &gt;&gt; you when that delta up delta up delta up see already you leg and this building already break you put even. can to Yeah you as &gt;&gt; know the because that smallest buyers aggressive retracement will push you to and continue up are protected. &gt;&gt; Yeah. is you with is you with is you with leading cannot leading cannot leading cannot Of didn't before. I do course, talk macro, global macro, global macro, global a or a or a or for for for for for for like the like the like the Let's break benchmark take for tool. a a guys, want minute cuz to there, I tell the prop the the prop the the prop the Funded entire Next. industry, Funded a of is sponsor Next proud Chart they leading and been Fanatics, have the firm many prop for CFD industry years. top firm. a prop Literally three Now, that? quickly why Let just is me run the that the that the that First have do. they they off, challenges trader. for Whatever every you're they have for, They looking have. a They one-step have challenge. two-step now And challenges. industry-leading You demand You demand You demand get to get to get to get daily funding. a loss You no limit. every make And 10% on for you the doubles size. doubles size. doubles size. crazy. Mind-blowing. Now Absolutely let you trading you trading you trading are in they best conditions the the it raw market comes spreads when to and no it there slippage. comes are When to they trading have platforms MetaTrader 5 trader 4, and as MetaTrader C well. to is unique Next Something Funded that challenge can on type get every you once 10% funded 10% funded 10% funded to the account 15% profits up of during phase to challenge back the given you. to can a to can a to can a equivalent same equivalent same equivalent same your on as fee amount subscription your And case payout. in first just that's there's limit enough, time not no on News most trading challenges. is no on no on no on position have position have position have that your plans 10x scaleup can account something did And they size. that first, don't payout you your if receive within you an hours, receive 24 will additional $1,000 if tell if tell if tell they're I that traders, you for don't will. sure know Now, you what make use CF the the to best code get offer Funded now. at right available Next The in below. is description link the Make join today. you Next sure Funded Now, back episode. let's to I get the love to because that be if example fair you about that's about that's about that's closest everyday closest everyday closest everyday have of might sort person some insight at and into least understand or know how uh as auction. uh as auction. uh as auction. this car for this car for this car for you'll same example see thing um the if even are let's when buyers say there who buy say auction buy say auction buy say auction starting price too is high don't really &gt;&gt; they like they don't where at actually starting see it's you'll the anyone million begins a auction at no no anything one one so answers says then or running or running or running will price auction the the bring down some then there's and until interest you like seem no like seem no like seem no this one uh this one uh this one uh in obviously vehicle this no or case one participate any to place wants or orders market. market. market. then hits that then hits that then hits that interested say are let's people at, if car let's that again, it's example say at but we a no started million one's it 800,000. it 800,000. it 800,000. someone's Now interested, suddenly one Okay, it interested. bid person's we up, people there but who for now were that moment. moment. moment. And suddenly &gt;&gt; then see Yes. you'll how started million one started million one started million one but was suddenly interested, we're to million up 25 blasting 1.25 and orders more still still there's and bids that that that that that that demand demand demand the at &gt;&gt; moment go market if go market if go market if price million market 2.1 the is you see million start at of to 1.9 auction saying go saying go saying go of 200,000 increment not on 50,000 so gets you the lower build market and new balance then of the then of the then of the close the that usually seller it auction this really So is the um how market this I to this I to this I to entry then frame and what's my um good is really orderflow it's about that um adapt every can to you it market example, have For you condition. if a price is with that model action working you to good, need really don't abandon just you your see can model. if get and losing and losing and losing this using trades concept. &gt;&gt; Mhm. it's that not it's that not it's that not scratch. start Yeah. from Just the knowledge &gt;&gt; level you expand of have charts. charts. charts. like earlier trader So said a &gt;&gt; you as and pure that and trader and a at who's focused 100%. focused 100%. focused 100%. your to you That's is do &gt;&gt; goal how build How squeeze more do more edge? you edge the playbook of knowledge? out same or you're strategy using that because what at that's you that really do point. jumping, got not I've You're okay, this I find strategy, want a but to better not mindset That's the one. how is, then come right? if across And you a playbook and playbook and playbook and always to you start strategy, can add your is I your is I your is I playbook it make the can this best be? I best How be trader can the possible? this might And case, have in you a action price profitable model, your is do but then how &gt;&gt; goal okay, I out squeeze of more it, So of if So of if So of if using that not already you're that would you more help squeeze definitely to out Now sure be Now sure be Now sure be who learn people and some try orderflow n a complex go is more and this bit for uh know me therefore for and you that it be individual not particular might as example example example I it's slimmer I it's slimmer I it's slimmer people of amount right &gt;&gt; um the you is but thing do &gt;&gt; worst can just try already try already try already like need it's who writing people to right learn and fundamentals macro don't it's &gt;&gt; because complex they they and the enough the enough the enough to much &gt;&gt; study but when at but when at but when at this co great this co great this co great it a traders it a traders it a traders the even came markets just into but this example great for a year was example yes quite market yes quite market yes quite market wasn't crazy there a but really amount behind know fundamentals you of um in like volatility like volatility like volatility market this market this market this we're into we're into we're into end and the June towards of literally highs seen seen we've we've lows the shift markets month completely after week probably after it's month and not change call Trump change call Trump change call Trump um you macro um you macro um you macro easy to and so you there it's for sit go are can't markets I the crazy understand on people what's versus who going the do understanding I an it have and won't it a deep it a deep it a deep people have people have people have knowledge knowledge knowledge them more &gt;&gt; to clarity allows have and as as is as as is as as is u we'll important thing extremely one do here we so where go from should from we uh here should recap should we the quickly we two did covered models we two right to point is two one that &gt;&gt; go before edge decay. let's Yeah. let's Yeah. let's Yeah. going recap &gt;&gt; to the Before to model, do let's &gt;&gt; it. the edge when the edge when the edge when lose model your edge. &gt;&gt; Mhm. And something a And something a And something a price for with So lot action. example, was and before using demand I supply in and volatility and volatility and volatility example creating for are change you one you average that moving rule have long are the you are the you are the you Okay. change. here. volatility get uh So length swing goes length swing goes length swing goes to already lot to already lot to already lot loss you of not are stop because wrong is the direction but the right market swing I will higher think just and every notice discretionary it. trader Yeah. this decay your So edge it's &gt;&gt; is and lose in of edge change of the market also was also was also was with fund with fund with fund with flow and or what um the it's that actually that actually that actually edge what have decay you an because are the of is nature watching true the market. you framing in you framing in you framing in is from B is from B is from B are but understanding you what's I you And give happening. will an something my something my something my four point four point four point rate a you in that lot are we it's if a is one and following scalper the before you closed range if like a &gt;&gt; are in but trading and you price you are action are with trading brick continuation test really So is Okay. model common. you this wait week this wait week this wait week on and down the on you &gt;&gt; the go on test long. When start one Yeah. you do &gt;&gt; if to simple you only exercise start use and to order zoom this flow out is to when happening you specific like take part. you one So say flow cannot order you that is take candle You same complex. the just an cumulative an cumulative an cumulative here volume and delta orders. use for You also this. can footprint If that level a that level a that level a a the of and lot aggression cumulative is this volume doing it delta here means movement supported this not that is and that go probability will the you down and that here something it's is is before bring you price telling the you So just to So just to So just to And a concept And a concept And a concept want because I cover that to it's I when that through something went uh action not price was the model working the and to the and to the and to the I no the I no the I no need from I I study and no to zero need something cancel something cancel something cancel all curve and the that raise learning I price it's got action. not with But like you from this will where just start you Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, understanding &gt;&gt; what's just happening market. market. market. course, to the course, to the course, to the dominated black is some market by entity table behind because the understanding is I mechanic But the difficult. can that improve guarantee you as you will a trader. &gt;&gt; Mhm. uh go the &gt;&gt; so now summary And we on of models. models. models. &gt;&gt; Yeah. we the &gt;&gt; start trend And with model. model trend So is following this a model will on that York So is session. we New Okay. want amount to biggest volatility the of implement in implement in implement in condition I to and don't keep uh advise the the this the the this the the this model close as that as the gets soon market don't market don't market don't trades also margin you more because need for not all. It's at futures. convenient Just are or are you profit you if in if in the tomorrow cut and loss, position it's for So another this this day one. is Then go is Then go is Then go step first step first step first understanding We have state. can two We only market can balanced have market a price here can action and have going we an Okay, model to this want with we transact here. not this are in We interested market also market also market also gamblers uh one keeps uh one keeps uh one keeps of and really market is the this important I important I important I with every with every with every okay like impulse for every and me small then okay three then okay three then okay three the out the the out the the out the arrives. is where So the you this lock cannot you exactly if have enter don't what needs you. the to Yeah, market tell &gt;&gt; the and &gt;&gt; the and &gt;&gt; the and frame step we frame step we frame step we location. is swing is your That one. point. this Okay. Mhm. need deeply that to &gt;&gt; you analyze you understand because to you need if to here, want to here, want to here, want in just want jump or you jump here if to the from on sometimes lowest train the because so point is that momentum high can okay here just I you say jump but myself it's &gt;&gt; cover So a I here. still riskto-reward riskto-reward riskto-reward What to you &gt;&gt; use this use you do you profile. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. and search Okay. and search Okay. and search volume low Mhm. node. So mark try &gt;&gt; the make draw where let's to profile. that the Okay. this the Say is for point. the profile swing we here this What see that the can is is volume the low Not drawing. node. best But I understandable I understandable I understandable we're see charts, we're see charts, we're see charts, The &gt;&gt; the the get point lowest &gt;&gt; where volume transacted. What do &gt;&gt; can is you here this. this. this. what usually don't So do I a I is put order. limit Okay? &gt;&gt; I alert bit I alert bit I alert bit Okay? &gt;&gt; Because arrives Because arrives Because arrives I see big I see big I see big So were we as seeing Okay? we before, from we started timing, through the went market went the we the state, through go step is to three, location, the that or you execution What to trigger. want is you see If seller, aggression. are want red When want red When want red When a ball, jump see red can and big you in stop go your loss here your will and will previous will previous will previous Yeah. we the So, are area. if here, balance here. balance here. balance here. the the the is And going is And going is And going out the let not position take half and run. going out run. going out run. going out position probability position probability position probability the reverse 70% market from that will it the we just the we just the we just to position 30% keep for worth the only more. probability Yeah, &gt;&gt; better take we &gt;&gt; we that in that all can case. this Now to two &gt;&gt; go model the let's the and two two two reverting. model using state model using state model using state the So is Yeah. that opposite. he's using consolidation. is is is is is is profile profile profile protecting protecting protecting here here. here here. here here. you here to you here to you here to here. are take here. are take here. are take out condition is of that the balance get balance. I back And told inside as you, not take we trying the are to first it's swing risky. because Yeah, are second when are second when are second when the we first have breakout, are for &gt;&gt; just the we waiting retracement. same before. It's concept Now the as the this is location wing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. frame you the frame you the frame you the retracement. &gt;&gt; Mhm. let's this &gt;&gt; consider is So that this stuff node stuff node stuff node consider are consider are consider are where we here where we here where we here an everyone this error is is that doing is you the not go probability high here to go you the the the &gt;&gt; bulk auctions where of taking place the you &gt;&gt; probability will where that go it's to really balance high if wrong to and are want &gt;&gt; you you be if big immediately have wrong you sell immediately your immediately your immediately your A for loss. trick stop small the scalpers. scalpers, There aggressive is to or a avoid at way slippage least put loss slippage stop minimize the not high. high. high. &gt;&gt; Yeah. above there lot above there lot above there lot and see of what is orders you that accelerate. you accelerate. you accelerate. you previous previous previous previous previous previous previous daily weekly low, high, low. that daily see previous You the if failu market it's now even a it's it you going accelerate. lose down So an of you amount that additional tick can you them How protect protect. can just stop or put loss two your one ticks high. high. high. &gt;&gt; Okay. you out &gt;&gt; are before So taken everyone before place. before place. before place. it's I and And it. it &gt;&gt; worth tested it's because get it you worth sometimes five tick it's ticks, of a six and lot the of because chances &gt;&gt; overall price one ticks getting or below to two that then for then for then for it's No, zero. it's No, zero. it's No, zero. happens just it you Sometimes and want your on term your on term your on term wise it. wise it. wise it. Yeah, in for to in for to in for to this timing so wise, recap, recap wise, at you're potentially looking London, And your right? in &gt;&gt; then consolidation as summer as summer as summer Yes. as right? just months, um an in the But of example. terms recapping it's that the the yes, thesis, fact you in and know, a yes, we're range you here has here has here has yes, from that going shown we're high low, highest to the down but probability auction where that area is auction the the transactions of and bulk orders are versus, we place yes, taking okay, could but chances get there that here, are we to rebound could there back get and up auction or that again to area rebound to that back the there's up high there's variables target many to too trying here lower highest lower highest lower highest that it's and know probable you not guaranteed, nothing's guaranteed, but are in the way your chances more favor, the considering especially information on because on because on because not from you're entering again, just the out range. spike the first of You're wait confirmation to your going for and to look then execute. Exactly. consider Exactly. then &gt;&gt; And that some they there days are are that really blessed days you model. you model. you model. &gt;&gt; Yeah. the the &gt;&gt; market low. Then breaks you second New the for activate model York take target and two and you amazing you for are the done week. so are two Um, these the &gt;&gt; yes, the model. tricky correctly tricky correctly tricky correctly consolidation the identifying because make simple you it as can as possible and say is &gt;&gt; one this day. &gt;&gt; Mhm. I profile previous I profile previous I profile previous day. Yeah. So You to So You to So You to about just headache You have it. wait Okay. a for There more the is advanced you execution you execution you execution get to you ability where the identify phase. just phase. just phase. just orderflow you an and take platform see candles candles candles just profile and plot on you the there. what going because what going because what going because a more it little skill. needs bit M will pull profile will pull profile will pull profile will something I you and show really not but not but not but platform to platform to platform to also of give the the you delta transact so see volume you for before can each is market is market is market is because see is because see is because see you up here are and that going is buyers the by not dominated it's best get trades to buy condition a because that do probability will the you this high. high. high. &gt;&gt; Yeah. the if area At time, this &gt;&gt; same in you huge when see delta you a cell break your it's out, birthday. &gt;&gt; Yeah. just it. just it. just it. Should over the Should over the Should over the cons we'll pros and pull and then out Let's break the take for charts. a a guys, want minute cuz to there, I tell our you incredible about sponsor, is TradeZella. the Tradezeller number tool entire trading the one in trading allows industry. you Tradezella to more Allows more Allows more Allows make as to progress you immense a matter a no you're trader, if beginner advanced because an trader, or level it easy. makes It journaling makes that and that and that and something enjoyable that and is no you're So, if interactive. matter a no you're trader, if crypto matter a no you're trader, if futures matter a no you're trader, if forex matter a all to stock you do trader, have is broker, of broker, of broker, of connect Tradesella, connect Tradesella, connect Tradesella, will your will your will your pull that trades all data and of onto making the journaling dashboard, and edge your your adapting finding and edge In Tradzella In Tradzella In Tradzella Fanatic are Fanatic are Fanatic are the the the the the the we're these we're these we're these traders incredible and verified adding playbooks Zela. as Trade them onto So, actually there the actually there the actually there the already make already make already make check as sure that well. you out Now, actually off can 10% you get your using monthly CF10 subscription on now. Tradzella But right more would for I CF20 importantly, say 20% yearly off subscription your with links are links are links are description make the So, in below. sure check Use 20% check Use 20% check Use 20% yearly a yearly a yearly a today. get trader let's better Now, back episode. episode. episode. So, on and Yes. go pros &gt;&gt; let's the cons. is you second is you second is you second days you days you days you because sometimes if work uh you on especially don't the but on daily you the profile work um that trace profile can short-term you by yourself. consolidation your Um killing &gt;&gt; is win maybe five because take rate you small stop-loss. Yeah, small maybe a small maybe a small maybe a $5,000. $5,000. $5,000. &gt;&gt; Mhm. you take it's you take it's you take it's 20,000 the like but same 15 at time psychologically rate and see win lower you the gets if a red account at red account at red account at of you the the are end week still heavy profitable for it's beginners heavy. uh is heavy. uh is heavy. uh is directly consolidation affect that win the this rate model is for and the created model I second reason a because lose when with I one make the So make the So make the So balancing curve balancing curve balancing curve more the you but giving execution draw lower. worth down So it. gets it's This first second is cons. one the The is We be it's need honest stress. to with it. when your to Yeah. um gets &gt;&gt; uh trades the in but real in but real in but real the is the is the is salary were the you worth that taking 10 for years example ago. you 2,000 &gt;&gt; are 3,000 So risking 4,000 position 2 5,000 and minutes per in 3 can minutes lose you it. &gt;&gt; Mhm. course end month Of the the &gt;&gt; at of it's on term but short profitable the it's the Specifically the Specifically the Specifically go moment if through and you the there moments take will where streak be you of stop- loss in cup &gt;&gt; the I like world show the transparently trades transparently I and I lot and I lot and I lot from on insult people of the the I've Instagram been because transparent day stop of taking loss one eight like loss tick small like 10 stop five ticks lot loss was a stop it but of because a day that you 0.2 you 0.2 you 0.2 2 it's 2 it's 2 it's nice is is &gt;&gt; stop 1.8%. not like loss 2% a You with big can it. amount. deal But talk and look talk and look talk and look nine You to nine You to nine You to trade. &gt;&gt; Yeah. so they that So they think &gt;&gt; so just a is that is that is that huge win having amount rate. a of They that stop consider the don't maybe loss smaller are than incredibly gains. So stress the Yeah. the and &gt;&gt; the part the is commitment. is commitment. is commitment. &gt;&gt; Mhm. to model do to model do to model do an cannot as as You it it hobby. do a You be the You be the You be the the the from of screen starting newer the the to because session end position need executed and need executed and need executed and it's check forget and don't set is this need like you something because to stop to your need trail you manage a real &gt;&gt; model traders. there's for This is very is if that this model want &gt;&gt; a you trading fulltime Okay. fulltime Okay. fulltime Okay. the I Now London manage on session three companies business companies business companies business in year but new partner the session four do or I three hours this it's cannot &gt;&gt; necessary just and you get can't that out just after you decide a you trades time open certain don't so enjoy of can that's you dinner course can good pros can good pros can good pros one first the is trades trades trades is this Why good? draw covered Because gets &gt;&gt; down really you big and you big and you big and So take sharper you nine ratio. can stop the by of for but end loss day the the was profit. high was profit. high was profit. high I new watermark. was high So creating on equity equity the curve uh big trades uh big trades uh big trades interesting creates for something hedge wants you that give funds to capital. Mhm. a in does a in does a in does is than execution respected 2,400 more a that months model 12 long-term in have 30 trades. &gt;&gt; Yeah. the wise &gt;&gt; data this Because sample model valuable. valuable. valuable. It's a &gt;&gt; giving lot Interesting. you of improvement giving room and you of is a data you lot analysis can of that input you fast &gt;&gt; understand if and really your not in is properly model working certain market condition for have &gt;&gt; example a because I benchmark the of that maximum stop- is amount loss that stop taken 11 I've is loss &gt;&gt; okay a &gt;&gt; humbling it's experience you the stay but that can &gt;&gt; know market in one compression full for week know day fake know day fake know day fake one saw breakout week. the for I last Carmen was of He videos Rosato. like huge uh a of taking amount stop-loss 3 he's like weeks, still for but in the for profit month. &gt;&gt; Yes. the about &gt;&gt; good scalper, That's part the execution, really execution, really execution, really go profit. go profit. go profit. second about &gt;&gt; good trading The part with is model this that need don't you headache. don't because you headache? Why need the is prediction not part there. are to the are to the are to the telling I market you. don't is So need to the to say angle start considering of the skyrocket maybe will gun price to because just because just because just is state. the is state. the is state. the is This is This is This is Mhm. is Mhm. is Mhm. another maybe the another maybe the another maybe the I put best should this part. have that do because cannot trading you revenge if have to don't condition you the trade trade of when large size, you amount you feel execute. feel execute. feel execute. &gt;&gt; Mhm. there the &gt;&gt; are condition If not of it's it aggression not to just worth to So third just So third just So third just no deciding there headache and is in no in revenge executing trading something not is that there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. know I if know I if know I if experience sometimes ever but you it you that there something not see is just want So because to you you trade. create the setup you a then well have and &gt;&gt; can bias if one isn't say frame let's time giving bias just that can you you filter you Like until one. through find our time say time frames eight 10 let's of long want short. long want short. long want short. go one You'll to that just the says You Yeah. sure. know. Yeah. something I Yeah. something I Yeah. something I it ego us it ego us it ego us condition we our condition we our condition we our the the as the the as the the as news we take news we take news we take here here here we demand &gt;&gt; think that because every is it's getting a break fake even &gt;&gt; down and here say liquidity say liquidity say liquidity this get and till doesn't out &gt;&gt; wing st of is So this liquidation. course a you the then also reverse when trade and you you you you normally last that's last &gt;&gt; the resort right resort. last &gt;&gt; Yes. another that high But is a &gt;&gt; pro it's risk be risk it a to can high reward. can to uh It risk when &gt;&gt; huge reward it's I be when I be when I be when pushing heavy pushing heavy pushing heavy when in breakout and are the &gt;&gt; you from of and because the you you level are need that is to our the consider target P. you there P you there P you there P are up. are up. are up. &gt;&gt; True. you to the So decide for &gt;&gt; just trail day. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes some 30 Okay. get to &gt;&gt; you 1 1 It's but to not it 40. common can happen. even reward to &gt;&gt; high like 4 But risk 1 1 that's reassurance. that's reassurance. that's reassurance. to 2.5 minimum. to 2.5 minimum. to 2.5 minimum. &gt;&gt; Yeah. to common. to common. to common. &gt;&gt; Yeah. to is It I to is It I to is It I to to means see to to means see to to means see NASDAQ for on 2% the the 3% day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. it I the it I the it I the but do 10 but do 10 but do 10 market 0.25 day market 0.25 day market 0.25 day I'm with I like tune like 0.5 in it I it's you're &gt;&gt; not focused plus like on just the just the just the focused model. on You're understanding on reacting going then what's and and model your following accordingly. When model your When model your When model your gets of gets of gets of risk and capital management, increase &gt;&gt; the you profit. &gt;&gt; Definitely when your &gt;&gt; you focus like put on you not you not you not is make related you directly when the of amount most profit. now into charts now into charts now into charts the examples. guess trade I actual Yeah. we've is as this So, established, truly and real and real and real who to traders want traders. really not but markets trade the only understand at level. we're deep now a So actually go examples going over on to trade the of playbooks charts those and uh same uh we front here? we front here? we front here? this orderflow a this orderflow a this orderflow a and we is and we is and we is uh volume distribution profile profile consolidation what consolidation what consolidation what explaining before I to is was you that make simple can stupid you it putting profile. do just You this daily can also view. volume trading the from Maybe will as this can as this can as this can it the do identifying just um most area. can area. can area. can they visible here clearly see are where didn't or didn't or didn't or just compression. It in lower. stayed I day And use this what every area. I show is to before wanted you exactly see the this. here volume. You is Okay, the is this volume. how is This much transacted level. transacted level. transacted level. line value This is area. blue the So you model time the every see in it get it get it get target. target. target. back &gt;&gt; in Get target get target get target get target get target. get target. get target. one stop you This be But &gt;&gt; will loss. have model. the second have the You execution this consolidation. of this model in We to that need be you also honest don't immediately. you immediately. you immediately. you maybe you identify here can from can two one these This take trades. is because to uncommon start really you see compression. too compression. too compression. too early. Exactly. what is can what is can what is can the is frame delta. the also What delta? amount getting amount getting amount getting one one from on transacted side place aggression you the if level. and see how big is how big is how big is the they the they the they last created last created last created breakout. one breakout. one breakout. one will you here also later I explain why catalyst where news something the is a people the lot think market of that is but moment liquidity the seeking at this make maker is market movement because go the of out market. the higher So gets &gt;&gt; volatility because less and you limit in have orders this the up case market to uh explode create level So case level So case level So case reversion we model, have reversion model, model, reversion reversion model here stop and probably model and aggressive breakout &gt;&gt; here we deep the will dive lower go in time now in frame we 5 because are minutes will to This will to This will to This be every model used time can in frame give audience like to a to the little reference. either bit You do of can 15 minutes, do 5 minutes, do 5 minutes, do 5 minutes you the one. you the one. you the one. what 5 minute. what 5 minute. what 5 minute. &gt;&gt; Okay. 5 to breakout 5 to breakout 5 to breakout This don't candle. one go Okay. I deep it impossible it impossible it impossible You went to see out execute. it of retracement, balance. low No volatility, So to So to So to we to that we to that we to that 23 morning. 23 morning. 23 morning. &gt;&gt; Okay. This will &gt;&gt; morning see Okay. we exactly model perfectly how play on the out the side. will trend So show following I you the in also behaves how model London if use New if use New if use New the works session, really York model as model and reversion London also in New I show York. want you Yeah, to the the explain of to entity momentum you do This York. do This York. do This York. you much This see is is how compressed This take retracement. you more when it, explode. just it Yeah. this I to And what trying &gt;&gt; is was explain as getting you the in before flow tune flow. we that flow. we that flow. we that are can one are can one are can one frame will the and start first we with one. we is Okay. have the What here previous is area area. the high. This value This value This poke. value This poke. value This poke. we out Okay. are of So, clearly balance movement. movement. movement. can aggressive say can aggressive say can aggressive say to also I clear the want out high. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I that no I that no I that no my This my This my This that do. is I I something usually don't when out. transact you I only break wait can reversion it the because be model know. know. know. what this Then do, &gt;&gt; we is the magic. the are activate that We orders getting the aggression. the aggression. the aggression. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So usually 20 So usually 20 So usually 20 Okay. case, it's Okay. case, it's Okay. case, it's And the visible. is pretty this best can how example have. much you Look is what balanced. happens Look when building. building. building. what saying even So was you &gt;&gt; I to before if how the you this breakout, know stuff you something you something you something here? here? here? are small &gt;&gt; going orders You from balance to buying &gt;&gt; aggressively someone and Also continuation look aggressively. at of that the big you amount orders have momentum bearish momentum bearish momentum bearish you understand you understand you understand are flow So are flow So are flow So here here here I before is was either like saying the trades momentum that continuation you the a framing with get level huge buy this of and presence aggression is that show model also another I on is because that not YouTube just this in Okay. happens minute. stuff one So is You candle minute. every one can fast only either and big be use orders as saying the as saying the as saying the the the profile beginning end from to of and let's the say zoom impulse look out what we lack here have a in we have of volume here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. there huge we &gt;&gt; is area can So a that use low as volume a node. So have &gt;&gt; when the Okay. you retracement get the can get the can get the can take an to as decide this aggression &gt;&gt; or take as I this an will one aggression. you you Okay, enter have maybe here, the the then of and mitigation level you continuation. more just the have Now you enter, it wait the gets to more risky. Because enter are Because enter are Because enter are a sellers getting point can to where say expensive I it's the went too price. out But to fast But to fast But to fast fast. fast. fast. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Okay. from can from from can from from can from aggression bullish. aggression bullish. aggression bullish. will be bit I to little &gt;&gt; start a afraid will say here. start look I to the compressing sellers compressing sellers compressing sellers to this starting back are fight huge momentum. Yeah. maybe put loss So can stop &gt;&gt; I my in profit. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. this Below &gt;&gt; low. what the Then that &gt;&gt; happens market don't be against need a you to wizard. give because market clues The you this see by see by see by huge buyers. try control sellers get The to back what print here. the a But market week. means cannot So that control it they the I take I take I take position see the I out where that sellers up big follow because no small sellers up sellers up sellers up close close close this can you &gt;&gt; candle go can on you out go stop profit can on in you out loss or go you risk-to-reward you risk-to-reward you risk-to-reward rates. &gt;&gt; Okay. with an to with an to with an to highlight. &gt;&gt; Yes. as &gt;&gt; you So say no but no but no but consolidation. Yes, continue. out. the continue. out. the continue. out. the buyers from &gt;&gt; the again low. Wick, follow Yeah. no &gt;&gt; but through. &gt;&gt; Exactly. could that are could that are could that are maybe entering, not they're getting they're the they're the they're the then finally market. when see So you the then through and follow sellers the now, you this you you buildup know, use of in well. in well. in well. what ex what What use exactly &gt;&gt; I is you I volume What is see. use spread is analysis. the That relationship and if between volume. I price So see were sellers, you here like saying okay, to market trying the &gt;&gt; push down they a are they a are they a are through. through. through. what doing either what doing either what doing either inside if still position stay the this them stop movement out. &gt;&gt; Yeah. market of The accelerate &gt;&gt; will course. what is Okay. I that So see this the in aggression first all is one this print candle. print candle. print candle. Why a is Why a is Why a is are control we the saying getting is inside and like a being getting world by of the the side weak like sense. parties make &gt;&gt; doesn't And you that here see from can participation by is the mainly sellers. &gt;&gt; Yeah. want you want I show I &gt;&gt; to something. to little get clear bit back a and remember volume this the inside how is area. Let's one Okay. for Yeah. remove second trades go big let's the and here. that a agree is You this compression area? &gt;&gt; Yes. Let's You the not see market accepting that is below area below area below area happens here happens here happens here incorrectly time deep every go but they discount aggressively buyers and enter get the This back position is the here. exactly Let's exactly Let's exactly Let's the action. we one And we New so saw York we London this we London this we London this a session. is normal This not London is session. after London is a This the Iran. volatility of the bombing So it's than London higher usual even a session market rebalance market rebalance market rebalance this gap. situation &gt;&gt; rates. Same So tell about I forget if you everything, Just in it's tell which here. me area the of is amount there major delta the which from in aggression buyers area see. see. see. it buyers &gt;&gt; be you Would the say? &gt;&gt; Yes. this if &gt;&gt; one. you Exactly And see I'm in. I'm in. I'm in. you is you If this how &gt;&gt; see exactly can it's and it's and it's and a it's when distribution. &gt;&gt; Yeah. is the &gt;&gt; where traders This all are why like struggling accumulation how identify how identify how identify happening? see happening? see happening? see level, buyers level, buyers level, buyers catalyst. let's to minute. let's to minute. let's to minute. in Perfect. already minute. We one We big Same big Same big Same we What model. see? catalyst. aggressive Buyers Catalyst Again, what Again, what Again, what doing? trying are are sellers They to market But the down. push up what's getting getting getting buyers. buyers. buyers. if the before So get as &gt;&gt; you profile from of to of of to of of to of what see? see what see? see what see? see is here is here is here start a from start a from start a from in to here. this follow So case the model, be exact you unfilled mo will in Okay, this let's position. go and educationwise see on what's reading and happening here can that what do you you considering are the You still same see in area. that to create from here a here they new new you dealing area. can range So do same to you same to you same to you deep this go inside can dive location. &gt;&gt; Yeah. where value and where value and where value and is volume where low look the node. this volume see of You lack here? &gt;&gt; Yes. you low &gt;&gt; have volume So the node the low the low the low conceding with is &gt;&gt; free this money. is You &gt;&gt; free wait This money. for You stop this put loss candle. the here. either if target even You because you target target target here, are say you let's okay, risking $160. $160. $160. worst if In case you the scenario, want out you to really are be fast, risking make Okay. 160 500. So to Yeah. the more to is one risk-to-reward than three case. is in But the this this excursion gives you how gives you how gives you how to get the reward really risk can huge get in if in the you tune market. &gt;&gt; Yes. the the be the the be the the be time markets every the done that create eye. failed a This auction. new a It out. it doesn't But break break then out here. Okay. the Yeah. the Yeah. the Yeah. look here. Again volume &gt;&gt; zero like the punching &gt;&gt; wall the I get because I get because I get because have it's don't so as aggression not as safe one this but but but bias fine is is and the completely this both model the of we the the saw model trend model trend model trend and time find and time find and time find myself h this a moment was aha yes &gt;&gt; because went fluency because went fluency because went fluency can it can it can it how is how is how is and exercise market also when &gt;&gt; small the taken control gets in sellers. back by Mhm. &gt;&gt; All volume &gt;&gt; small huge these then from look from look from look the when where reacts comes market it back. What now? actual What now? actual What now? actual We charting action. not past. are the Yeah. control will sellers where &gt;&gt; in they the when find problem get first they to buyers. these back aggressive they to they to they to market this market this market this And see it a when this can &gt;&gt; you case, be on because to the sellers punch wall try it buyers push but the down, protect And see what if it level. you closely, developing trend developing trend developing trend because going condition are all we after balance, going this are of we out This first This first This first Yeah. &gt;&gt; And go the And go the And go the of they long control. have point So a to And notice to And notice to And notice know will that if happen don't it live this tapped if get it level back because adding because adding because adding position. it of For is their now out print going print going print going to because rebalance pock didn't the it it a &gt;&gt; not breakout. was successful Yes, &gt;&gt; that's I trend the say &gt;&gt; reason always or for or for or for drive. the second take drive Don't first you tap a you tap a you tap a out. Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's not I it. difficult. &gt;&gt; It's But it's of the a information know lot for for time, for time, for time, I a than &gt;&gt; it's cleaner of think lot some order I've order I've order I've before. They it not &gt;&gt; make to people just hard let understand. I platforms um mean as &gt;&gt; different well can like this can like this can like this the would the what call with we the for in bubbles but of example terms large execution Yes. orders. So filter so &gt;&gt; you it it if filtered that shows of shows of shows of Exactly. because &gt;&gt; size can specific you it off take and well. on as You filter noise. You filter noise. You filter noise. want what want what want what big doing same big doing same big doing same uh traders as of long commitment for term. You watching &gt;&gt; just the are the that you that you that you contract I'm one mini, interested in not it. can the it. can the it. can the But is want. someone 100 if adding on one contract on it's NASDAQ minute, interesting. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Like &gt;&gt; momentum the in price this in price this in price this high were this we about that talking cuz were here we about as talking trades here. from potential down Yes. &gt;&gt; Uh there the &gt;&gt; is to as what anything left why reacting area? why reacting area? why reacting area? there's to that there's to that there's to that originally were at. looking You see are You see are You see are there significance there significance there significance area would this it you? where lead We need guess. We need guess. We need guess. So, this we So, this we So, this we exactly was. know it print where Let's it let's here. let's here. let's here. Mhm. clean noise go Okay. go Okay. go Okay. can all the can all the can all the is So make is So make is So make value the white area. is market this the So when considering profile profile profile comprehensive of the also &gt;&gt; profile the when expensive is getting gap it's for Okay. Okay. Okay. if deeper that But get notice &gt;&gt; we we the of see peak you biggest sellers this So can Okay. level one. this be something sellers from interesting perspective market this the from area reacted value distributing I to and was is as saying probably back PC is to you going the that level exactly is and &gt;&gt; this it's with volume with volume with volume Yes. Yes. Yes. probability follow-up probability follow-up probability follow-up now in &gt;&gt; higher case it's this even get to &gt;&gt; they back pock if before the then distribute and red down redist back I show here want you but to also from &gt;&gt; profile this was that the it this &gt;&gt; understandable was level delta reaction the is from that developing yes pro is yes pro is yes pro is way plotting way plotting way plotting you watching &gt;&gt; just when are volumewise is amount there most executed the of not executed not executed not executed mean auction much that get this the too expensive they sell in &gt;&gt; to and case want off this they till what sell here and off then here that exactly happened is the too the too the too Mhm. because cheap to it's &gt;&gt; sell getting to for know. buy buyers again also you So perspective this from we &gt;&gt; this have trying buyers aggressive to follow no So follow no So follow no So getting decision getting decision getting decision Mhm. The that breakout, first will &gt;&gt; one get will catalyst you a that see in and first and first and first this this this Cuz this example, Cuz this example, Cuz this example, was the was the was the even might looking even might looking even might looking this, we to but were trade if looking a we make would break prediction, then high look to the then go the and to uh of area high value or the potentially the even previous the I the I the I the P like the first. distribute &gt;&gt; uh against and you refine and you refine and you refine where probably area can a you see I this reaction say here will supply you like saying were not the to not the to not the to the to the best react because level is area area area but uh here but uh here but uh here reliable much reliable much reliable much it it it guys. had Hey we've the So, obviously nightmare imagine nightmare imagine nightmare imagine Fanatics. saw Chart you we As there, middle recording, middle recording, middle recording, uh cut. issue, recording cut, screen We problem. back, pressed We uh no came we record, happened. but screen something what to make we're do However, going to for we're break it, going up one, to exactly step down happened step what by the problem. after no we're fact, But to until uh actually New going wait York and going some then to open we're do uh then. know price um live reading you an where trade actual Fabio at time does we'll at and looking things be specific well. excited Hey So, for as we're that. we're promised guys, I New back. you session. 30 York are before We minutes under before just minutes session 30 the Um recap open. can what we exactly uh left and uh left and uh left and excited first super this ever. for time don't ever video think seen I I've a it's where it's where it's where showing but the educational concepts actually live actually live actually live you out you out you out I'm No I'm No I'm No then with then with then with Yes. want seven &gt;&gt; you win in Do to figures without do without do without do all? good true, Seems to at too be Well, that Well, that Well, that what You exactly possible. buying is are challenges at anyway. proper Well, not you not you not you best be compare prices able the and to proper by challenges, your but using PFT, using PFT, using PFT, get this entered automatically into giveaway can weekly you over where win figures All figures All figures All prop on prop on prop on like Atmos brokerbacked Just proper backed The funded, Torrex. that by fact are that are that are that stability when stability when stability when to Once comes payout. payouts your your approved, receiving approved, receiving approved, receiving less minutes. in five have than They funding, and one-step instant accounts, accounts, whatever meaning two-step that of prefer, type you have challenge they for of one Thousands over you. traders last have the months Atmos couple joined and have Funded, $200,000 paid over been in last alone. in last alone. in last alone. get on to massive their can discounts 50 accounts bigger accounts bigger accounts bigger their 25K the their 25K the their 25K the on now. only on now. only on now. only have also have Atmos, of we we course Trader largest Trader largest Trader largest in industry to the with firm entire up off code to off code to off code to and 6 futures up million accounts, to in You find You find You find who one-step also Capital, have two-step challenges, and challenges, challenges you. challenges you. challenges you. matter of no type you what challenge they option. prefer, an not have And that, Funded of we Next, only have one top firms industry. three in the CFD the again, offer again, offer again, offer Check on link it screen. PFT. out The popfirmtrader.com the is for in below. sure below. sure below. sure that remember, check And code out. use at all PFT at favorite checkout your and entered and entered and entered massive giveaway massive giveaway massive giveaway week. get single let's into Now, back episode. are are So, here. the we We in We fair in We fair in We fair we do we we do we we do we punch wall, this the aggression to the the follow the seller, up of the to area. there first And is balance now the of we piece that get information can was before that present this not is of without aggressive punch sellers follow to follow getting discount up the getting the level inside So back range. think was that think was that think was that for it's high day that the something get at get at get at of open beginning market the the because that now I that now I that now I information are information are information are and here and here and here of that structure market never the we to still as forget bullish need is and can is where can is where can is where of getting of getting of getting the sellers is where getting level are aggressive. really is up and There dry volume you a of as see volume is a node. can low This what printed exactly market So the here. 20 have setup minutes the in we first that be that be that be breakout if is and the here test volume it. can supporting we a Otherwise get from but be the this buy discount will risky You that from can more here. see are fight they to it's starting because opening. the opening. the opening. the I pre-market I pre-market I pre-market you battle don't see but because the you who it are will because know win we in So data in So data in So data have the the have the the have the the controlled So is sellers. means by it also is So the going and price down. they the we they the we they the we remember have boys that these to we big ready the here protect M to price. so moment feel so moment feel so moment feel to any prefer to any prefer to any prefer check should we We the closely. expect drive first at not opening minutes market 5 and but before that see like trade it people will often are dealing are dealing are dealing on opening testing market then the and in So getting direction. I the what is expect if that are get we to long, going really yeah, &gt;&gt; this to before this to before this to before So this So this So this if to &gt;&gt; going long. we're get If to Now we're get &gt;&gt; going long. I some are I some are I some are based. rule Okay. &gt;&gt; So this So this So this and some the let's scenario. &gt;&gt; make So scenario these first that are is sellers to Okay. get going absorbed. Now sellers here, if are &gt;&gt; these short they to they to they to here. liquidated If during spike the market &gt;&gt; price opening really are ups they to hard, forced their a their a their a create long. more will momentum Okay. &gt;&gt; Watching they short how are &gt;&gt; much pushing makes that either me they &gt;&gt; think are long here. long here. long here. are scalp are scalp are scalp and get this price back opening will to uh skyrocketing uh skyrocketing uh skyrocketing we be it's need conservative If to or only break test setup out the is here level you closure only have the when a the go 1 the go 1 the go 1 Yeah. &gt;&gt; So the and &gt;&gt; get execution the we real uh now the market prepare for will setup market So market So market So this seen what can also sellers be at call So move fake the traders out. fake the then the then the then collapsing up. you but And not rising as see, a can make The let's comparison. of the it's the red sides ball, ball, right? right? right? But is Like the really &gt;&gt; result bigger. small are small are small are results. see results. see results. see so important to so important to so important to is I to is I to is I to profile first the from ball a the to ball. this. last Like check Okay? and is who out. going show can the you. always I We hide trades. So only action So only action So only action distribution can volume you the and see are managing sellers yet close not to candle value their the low. below area we even small we even small we even small and data are a range frame small we consolidating still compressing. and the the not direction market Yeah, of is at and clear moment usually the uh gets the it clear for really direction day the 15 30 the minutes minutes from to inside of Cut. opening session. it's the So It's what's totally normal. normal Now loading they happening. are Now it's position. one a this already information If big me. candle for this like we high, this take stays and this can the you try aggressive also the But only model we use setup. will the I We that before. not explained will people confused because get too can with information. let's information. let's information. let's But can put as see, easy. you they sellers the here, aggressive but it's Why? it's Why? it's Why? the protecting the protecting the protecting Yeah. the position. in bias And overall you happening if what's the see at is the moment from range that previous compression tried of market break the to out. Yeah. &gt;&gt; But So are it structure-wise &gt;&gt; failed. we long. remove unnecessary remove unnecessary remove unnecessary let's big data put trades. and the And you that thing was one mentioned those big trades previously were &gt;&gt; when looking pre we at the charts, wasn't because there many &gt;&gt; that we session session in The weren't yet. had huge. huge. huge. you when New And like in &gt;&gt; said we're York going it session, to like you're see a and even so we're in much not the yet, can just you session but already increase. increase. increase. know like about know like about know like about and that and that and that pro are is bulls volume um proportional So So So there much not there much not there much not your floated your floated your floated So visible by it's the bulls. not price are stay and forced out you to because see behind. see behind. see behind. like on So an your it's insurance hand calm not to like do stay do anything uh would and and I love &gt;&gt; what really the setup when setup when setup when following green following green following green you jump the you jump the you jump the when back low when back low when back low This Now node. amazing. volume is this normal is is and the totally this reason advise trade I not like strongly to 10 the minutes the minutes the minutes session will the you before because be then direction then direction then direction Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. it up But be &gt;&gt; will by This that volatility. something &gt;&gt; is not take the take the take the can session. can session. can session. model for So that runon a works session guaranteed continue guaranteed continue guaranteed continue alpha revenue create generate to and in year example the session. of new An this mean You the model. is reversion will if m see we reversion now apply model will destroyed here be by we get market will slippage you also and get because it's normal. compressing It's &gt;&gt; here. the the huge the the huge the the huge is What but no does there followup. it someone this someone this someone this order if absorbing &gt;&gt; they this and are order you color it's you color it's you color it's sellers still by I controlled but have long that narrative think my still we to high day to high day to high day building are is we momentum up getting 10 minutes around 13 10 minutes before and told are and told are and told are expect to you high going that take target now we target now we target now we we expect target when like like like like like seeing acceleration were &gt;&gt; we before. Why? these &gt;&gt; huge Because orders getting don't be getting don't be getting don't be before session. &gt;&gt; Yeah. this being wrong this being wrong this being wrong direction. Yeah. they anticipate &gt;&gt; tried the So to fall price you it's price you it's price you it's really them. really them. really them. we to the So going when &gt;&gt; are see market this of not as still broken. now getting we see green we see green we see green like in previous we all here did the situation. Yeah, &gt;&gt; this good follow-up. is setup &gt;&gt; a for setup want Aggressive we cover if to One can One can One can anticipation the the with loss the with loss the with loss sellers to But sellers to But sellers to But setup are the that still a you trading noise. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So you will something cannot &gt;&gt; that expect the rate good the rate good the rate good following following following you you inside you you inside you you inside the so you balls big range are that even happening see cannot what's and keeping from this you &gt;&gt; is away with like the interacting market &gt;&gt; of parameters &gt;&gt; of parameters &gt;&gt; of parameters or you identify have to settings put these Is these Is these Is &gt;&gt; Yes. five &gt;&gt; Yes. five &gt;&gt; Yes. five one New you minutes York can for session use as 30 30 a contract contract filter. and during you um London can um session go It's accurate 20. pretty with it's like this &gt;&gt; and &gt;&gt; larger that more the is it's so it mean than 30 &gt;&gt; maybe 100 the these contract more are got big created got big created got big created proportional don't click you to so need on how but it much you see contract immediately there big see is sell that a aggression aggression aggression &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; I that buy sell expecting I see was the would so still sellers are but they keeping here &gt;&gt; session still before are why they keeping the keeping the keeping the not want here who transaction clear to when get high, you whip whip can side side out market. you're the low, of Yeah, &gt;&gt; getting every are with you liquidated direction. So, &gt;&gt; buyers they &gt;&gt; buyers they &gt;&gt; buyers they anyone, could know, They you right? be, a with or retail large it trader capital could funds it be or may your whatever be. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; information cannot Now, that unsee an we is the are that eye, still at they loading if is even market short the going the the to eye. the push So narrative little narrative little narrative little because low we if gets have this taken this breakout &gt;&gt; also till is the here interesting short why not position will this I take because picture so the is why whole long should one risk-to-reward take one I to when wait a 3 when wait a 3 when wait a 3 four this the need to5 the we 1 is model to and is to and is to and is you of trades out lot like out of &gt;&gt; to based we be and need evidence oriented large sample. a of on number Executing in cup sample world 25,500 a can the what's give taste worth you of to what's to to what's to to what's to maybe out now maybe out now maybe out now short. Yeah. &gt;&gt; the the But other seller all times getting the here and is destroyed test and lose. just you &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; so That's get movement. To small &gt;&gt; think thing because that's that's I one universal trading universal trading universal trading that &gt;&gt; on &gt;&gt; on &gt;&gt; on &gt;&gt; just could than that Rather anything work know a work know a work know a working could out working could out working could out times it because or may I whatever be feel one do feel one do feel one do it It reinforces work. just does always you time it the to again. next take Right. again. again. Take Take And it it you might three know work times it two if and next if and next if and next times going but it's to you're not work still those three on or thinking two times Exactly. does. it &gt;&gt; you actual Versus have plan, when an &gt;&gt; quality and know, playbooks you trade you playbooks, those follow &gt;&gt; your come where will that's consistency from, will as your come a longevity from trader. you're trader. you're trader. you're to scale And to journey. start your scale doesn't scale doesn't scale doesn't it's happen what going fast. it to But means will And is have the you progress. funny it faster is happen thing will than of alternative the &gt;&gt; yes road fastest it's is road. always the So like what in Now doing this. I'm precession up precession up precession up delta volume. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; want &gt;&gt; want &gt;&gt; want &gt;&gt; volumes left so on right? delta the &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; to the &gt;&gt; to the &gt;&gt; to the which can are level see getting I that tapped. to colors want different I use where deep this for part, the And buy take on I swing low the the and what's with and what's with and what's with of clearly amount That this volume. is of cluster volume. by Yeah, &gt;&gt; to there this &gt;&gt; honest, also is be is one but here. is smaller still are that see These level can 7 the we in get minutes. and we what and we what and we what when it. to expect expect So sit 5minut &gt;&gt; you the frame do on time marking analysis when your it out when to comes wise execution one &gt;&gt; Yeah. minute? Yes. this. is us Now only the chart showing levels can aggression color. see and We the we the So can actual now see execution. we 5 We need anymore. don't minutes can down minute. in. how are in. how are in. how are you You big go can when here. see clearly that aggression moment &gt;&gt; at is this the getting completely absorbed. &gt;&gt; Yeah, got this &gt;&gt; absorbed. you like in you like in you like in this to this person sell, case tried got absorbed. that same &gt;&gt; be person Could the like a is stacking trade that into or not how? know the how? know the how? know the but you same for know operator sure that are down are down are down there interest &gt;&gt; is in and still the what see they what see they what see they to sell trying a are build position they forced if they forced if they forced if spikes. spikes. spikes. if these and if these and if these and sellers close these to all needs the arrive market arrive market arrive market opening we because This we because This we because This first would is moment expect. the I And this price so case, did in if break level, level, level, not trading &gt;&gt; interested that you're in to level. once level. once level. once to price that gets level. Okay. I &gt;&gt; Exactly. I Exactly. Because need to see. would it's &gt;&gt; you still But say important, have even to context sorry, this if looking to you're to that not trade next still level, important it's to going what's understand on you for because training &gt;&gt; are the and procession creating procession a when how it when how it when how it are you um still your with understanding subconscious happening need happening need happening need really be to fast. &gt;&gt; Yeah. you reason if And to and &gt;&gt; need fast you it do your it do your it do your setup 15 1 not on and is &gt;&gt; second minute enough then the to at fast execute right see volume You much moment. how and starting before starting before starting before told at minutes told at minutes told at minutes are order they the before preparing from can this huge can this huge can this huge sellers information still aggressive to buyers results buyers results buyers results are absorbed are absorbed are absorbed not getting is narrative this my wasted is getting is getting is getting confirmed even should that even should that even should that here from either or Here from either we the minutes in 5 reaccumulate last and up. sellers we All are shoot these in need and pain. to the They close market expansion create move an up. &gt;&gt; Okay, breaks. take from breaks. take from breaks. take from I'm the there done session. and for Like one high &gt;&gt; setup win one with rate. the But narrative understanding before also makes understand you market they and they and they and are if proven they wrong. &gt;&gt; Yeah. this contract &gt;&gt; amount you With of cannot Even have anymore. you hold if a you close you close you close later. later. later. Are executions Yeah. market &gt;&gt; these or they execution Like market limits? &gt;&gt; not I limits. can never Like get watch you to taste market a the feel of but the they because apparently &gt;&gt; limits can can they &gt;&gt; cancel. cancel. they Yeah, So do it? they they Spoofing what call is that Is it? what? they like Yeah, spoofing &gt;&gt; call putting create then create then create then manipulating It's removing. the other perception market of participants. with these But just &gt;&gt; execution are There that There that There that huge know you huge know you huge know you close it. close it. close it. you uh case you uh case you uh case the of so first market in minute opening not chart not chart not chart would &gt;&gt; get it balls it like &gt;&gt; will something it's get like this does large &gt;&gt; this aggressive does uh buyer up that that here make failed does you you good &gt;&gt; are you yeah getting are is buyers is buyers is buyers a that failed created auction the got tried the got tried the got tried like the hard but really this sellers won here this the &gt;&gt; battle sellers in also won. Okay. they down. they down. they down. Yeah. in the wait in the wait in the wait confirmation don't your you for and jump even bias here if is because the long know will you if reach don't they here second attract. second attract. second attract. only I that &gt;&gt; know only I I that know want in level to if gets be this broken. So, what 3 So, what 3 So, what 3 a a A setup scalp little for position. bit is sellers more if don't risky these have and by follow-up absorbed a got buyers here. is shooting But a up this risk this I position. can show But be you to the you to the you to the taste. this risking getting like and one $300 $1,100 a It's not position. is stupid just that taking position are a you inside inside inside &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; take of if can kind only I this position I'm profit day. in the sitting for &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; it's that &gt;&gt; it's that &gt;&gt; it's that them need profit them need profit them need profit use like equity. um account market um &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; money, like house Yeah. using right? before to from I take the need money market can kind then take of I this trades &gt;&gt; rate on if win lower but the it's this you risk-to-reward you risk-to-reward you risk-to-reward like four to one &gt;&gt; it's I this it's good put so pretty just risk because to risk because to risk because to understand these understand these understand these they up catalyze will &gt;&gt; need minute one I first this now the if gets setup valid broken is but the not if open 3:30 if open 3:30 if open 3:30 this level &gt;&gt; this not &gt;&gt; this not &gt;&gt; this not is is is So let's the behave how will see market from are the what seeing moment. we at Sellers one. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Buyers Sellers one. one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; you a a So getting and Here. are bias level to level to level to Let's It's So in. visible. zoom not considering you considering you considering you interact position interact position interact position because &gt;&gt; see. see you You what's can't cannot happening here cuz execution taken first be the can after and still open are market we before. trigger the So can break one be of for a of for a of for a now are if that getting this we inside eye a eye a eye a position entering break can at of be the this stop targeting the here with loss the I even the I even the I even uh riskto-reward than as even one a more to It's probably. to 1 So four. to5 market They the opening. break is didn't high. position at no executed So gets the we the the we the the we the area. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; need how is we check volume So to the behaving moment. behaving moment. behaving moment. traders profit. in are &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; buyers themsel these position All that before needs before needs before needs position. bring position. bring position. bring &gt;&gt; movement by All is them. this made Now, we market now are opening, that in we to or can take do start position analysis can So, we use. that actually let's the that the information see first we that want have sellers this is still battle moment the at &gt;&gt; are only and getting here. they stopped Okay. in remember still noise So, the our we here rules don't the till get premium not setup executed. is &gt;&gt; inside can Yeah. here be So what something us? something us? something us? information can sellers we is that have really that a here have aggressive don't follow-up follow-up follow-up &gt;&gt; this to &gt;&gt; this to &gt;&gt; this to by of get by of get by of get &gt;&gt; can long This a Yeah. be &gt;&gt; it's that you again long can but a you take ranging. take ranging. take ranging. just just just &gt;&gt; had have &gt;&gt; had have &gt;&gt; had have beneath and low. right the this towards &gt;&gt; think level buyers I main the Uh the of are are are &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; only can a the I in So reason engage risky is one position if prove here this me a me a me a &gt;&gt; they that fake can me a How prove it's out? to this. need all They recover &gt;&gt; one be week This to full Yeah. needs a and to again they break from need up this high. If do see they this, sellers don't you are this are this are this the not You price can know action try in you this you this. long don't So because see you think you see &gt;&gt; retracing. buy it's I this it's can count. you No, you you &gt;&gt; like retest probably break the think and level. &gt;&gt; this is &gt;&gt; this is &gt;&gt; this is if price you are trader, you action cannot you good know are but because not because see are don't they you that willing stronger point. sell lower to at &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; auction short. the getting So is Which the we one first can is level protect? to the We go profile need with on build on build on build London only London only London only range, area area area low like this node and volume also doing. a Carmen This low is is volume this delta. and the node is Yeah, is protection &gt;&gt; the level. this last If is are is are is are cell are cell are cell are collapsing in scenario and in what he's that would Would then Would then Would then the they my the they my the they my change break change break change break level the the level the the level the the downside. Okay. my short. my short. my short. &gt;&gt; Yeah. my short still &gt;&gt; day I use If is will the just not I just not I just not I short. short. short. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. my gets we my gets we my gets we break this. My at time Yeah. day same &gt;&gt; short the gets we compression we compression we compression is range. range all If that this they we something here try arrive can but is is is is is is undeniable. are level. pushing are level. pushing are level. pushing I a follow-up I a follow-up I a follow-up shot. &gt;&gt; Yeah. here you many here you many here you many volumes much. so &gt;&gt; Yeah. the protecting &gt;&gt; buyers it Here are limit either through So slice orders. they it, they recover but start and if to they inside this a inside this a inside this a also is that Neil setup Patrick using with volume. you good volume you good volume you good volume you keeping is up. keeping of when keeping of when keeping of when ready ready ready because again &gt;&gt; let's to here go the If the here. breaks narrative it low, get continue we It yeah, long. down. If the Okay, it high, here. breaks we here. if can Why? the go Because volume this, that does means don't this the controlling market controlling market controlling market movement. &gt;&gt; Yeah. don't predict. to don't predict. to don't predict. to happening the what's is see here first the where for opening time market buyers a protecting are level. &gt;&gt; Yeah. an an In in &gt;&gt; interesting interesting this be situation. one the So can first if confirmed long it by position gets a of At bit aggression. little buy the only The it's Yeah. moment sell. moment sell. the to sell. the to sell. the to wait they Now wait they Now wait they Now that one gets position really the the is of interesting squeeze trapid sellers. &gt;&gt; Mhm. is of sellers? is of sellers? is of sellers? recover aggressive recover aggressive recover aggressive sellers. Yeah. are out. are are out. are are out. are close and to position willing the the accelerating know accelerating know accelerating know see happening &gt;&gt; what here. let's is This first long the of is footprint yeah from that &gt;&gt; the we position level saw. can you someone why Still think don't long because take position at a here the you created moment see the if who swing were is were is were is by dominated completely sellers. &gt;&gt; Yeah, is risky we is risky we is risky we get start back to here take the can on we position breakout loss level. stop the with below But model You remember is need the one. to test Otherwise, test Otherwise, test Otherwise, stay just you out. this broken, &gt;&gt; level the When gets game can position, start. add you You the can you a things. you a things. you a things. want you it's want you it's want you it's see in useful this higher to volume time frame minutes. minutes. minutes. it's clear it's clear it's clear see that because we this you agree is volume The low Okay. the node. profile the distribution value achieved area low. &gt;&gt; Mhm. So, on area Okay. are value &gt;&gt; we the low. didn't follow sellers a The got through. the took They low. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And failed Okay. a &gt;&gt; created auction. this try this try this try out failed. out failed. out failed. is we here. is we here. is we here. it's said know it's said know it's said know open to before is set the going up then whipsaw one then whipsaw one then whipsaw one is like side. a the This model only that get that get that get when &gt;&gt; they inside are so like &gt;&gt; aggressive. my not when So is predict &gt;&gt; role to they I that stop. wait will just they movement. all this see complete You this fake. fake. fake. narrative buy. narrative buy. narrative buy. &gt;&gt; Mhm. this absorbed &gt;&gt; movement one All gets with narrative break the we which when this broke No. level. this So We level. we buy. want the If to position you clear and New get for York a the session better the can tune market, raise of you 240 the &gt;&gt; contract at size. contract will &gt;&gt; and it The you the be clearer. be clearer. be clearer. see? see? see? &gt;&gt; Yeah. now buyers &gt;&gt; it's got Situation clear more contract are 40 They than here. just lock below putting and this a say level go you sell go you sell go you sell I and two everything with absorbed they all Now recovering buy. are the all need the need the need the position. &gt;&gt; Yeah. then squeeze then squeeze then squeeze like these &gt;&gt; if sellers squeeze all close the jumping position is the market and gets level the gets level the gets level the we but we but we but short. Yeah. the the I Andrea, video made In that with the I based the I based the I based model the model the model the Yeah. part. To acceleration &gt;&gt; the be get and break break break Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. to break Yeah. to break Yeah. to break fast. really Would that of Would that of Would that of skill scalping skill scalping skill scalping level? this Yes. being also like fast &gt;&gt; uh and shortcut platform. on creating your Would that have Would that have Would that have been move as been move as been move as or something to is you trader that had train? No, we are I we are human &gt;&gt; are we reads. be Sometimes will honest. made really I errors you the like scale big um inside but you position scale don't you you that scaling one you not notice are by contract but scaling a we mini time are five is with There huge contracts. a on one amount like is NASDAQ contract heavy really and to good scale you find way &gt;&gt; need a to and with scalping you like out are in need fast you to and you be sometimes make make make Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. because of there &gt;&gt; lot time be a the will errors point human that and at right then volatility then this what with look the as you the as you the as you the the the the the the and at point then the &gt;&gt; being starting in 10 the the minutes like first of we anything session do just didn't we the the the the the the that's you &gt;&gt; reason engage the don't before I show sellers I show sellers I show sellers this with this with this with results we back When we back When we back When back someone to to will get this, need their their their Yeah. &gt;&gt; When to position, they cover &gt;&gt; need the momentum to the start up. will build So see do. &gt;&gt; let's they my let what Still didn't only didn't only didn't only could narrative that my the change is of breakout level. the Still here. compressed &gt;&gt; inside we the And also delta recovered major here. that above This we point means are strong of strong of strong of And are distribution. we here, if above are the high remember area you value and before that had reaction market the the on area on area on area &gt;&gt; completely as &gt;&gt; completely as &gt;&gt; completely as before Yeah. down. collapsing &gt;&gt; is like an same up is The for there overlap area this of &gt;&gt; and now they I are think &gt;&gt; If to so you be aggressive. wanted aggressive, you aggressive, you aggressive, you was at you was at you was at you taken, it's but like again, &gt;&gt; wrong, it's but not &gt;&gt; super that super during it's aggressive time really time really time really &gt;&gt; you expect &gt;&gt; you expect &gt;&gt; you expect 40% So, take 40% So, take 40% So, take remember trying a are take you to falling knife. &gt;&gt; lot you cut a times get Yeah, of will and buying and buying and buying momentum. are stop So trying the you to price big price big price big &gt;&gt; lot and more a test it's after of here easy is battle. to winning If who the this broken this broken this broken winning. eye buyers this broken If gets are battle. you the Now winning Okay. know the you who battle. can won Now engage. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; to Don't anticipate. try This main a This main a This main a traders to the try what they anticipate market before does doing market is the it. get to and so their they attached narrative are to they willing that not change. told narrative As you, was I my long beginning. did the market from The an I to selloff. ready aggressive was change and this narrative from my say moment, breaks, to if I search it start for short. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; marrying I I'm my don't not position. care. &gt;&gt; have that you levels But specific invalidate invalidate invalidate &gt;&gt; Yes. Getting excited. &gt;&gt; so volatility &gt;&gt; so volatility &gt;&gt; so volatility be are 5 be are 5 be are 5 think waiting is they if a are there news other bombing the their of of because &gt;&gt; for over yeah context the so over weekend over weekend over weekend over the bombed three had in US Iran different gapped different gapped different gapped lower This right? lower This right? lower This right? gapped gap the lower% &gt;&gt; the which &gt;&gt; the which &gt;&gt; the which started We recording then earlier. actually and actually and actually and again. kind a again. kind a again. kind a the current at stage. this &gt;&gt; gets &gt;&gt; gets &gt;&gt; gets &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; they eye &gt;&gt; they eye &gt;&gt; they eye these these these &gt;&gt; we &gt;&gt; we &gt;&gt; we &gt;&gt; would to were it similar we So be what looking here at and over &gt;&gt; this saw &gt;&gt; this saw &gt;&gt; this saw &gt;&gt; build the and momentum. squeeze they Now that in that in that in &gt;&gt; Yeah. much Less less. &gt;&gt; that see &gt;&gt; that see &gt;&gt; that see three candle. this times &gt;&gt; aggressive. pretty It's &gt;&gt; what that when Mhm. is you you And it do are active is are active is are active is different recording setting and we're everything you're even going though through motions you same when the but are these for waiting 10 the for 15 price to areas price to areas price to areas do sit or do sit or do sit or have maybe and it some you're up alerts doing doing doing &gt;&gt; put levels you alert now can on considering don't considering don't considering don't transact my will here alert inside first be just here here so &gt;&gt; alert on first be yeah will &gt;&gt; get &gt;&gt; get &gt;&gt; get Yeah, I've been like been tapping I I've and controlling and controlling and controlling &gt;&gt; temptation get &gt;&gt; temptation get &gt;&gt; temptation get it clear auction was that was really the failing. of no lot and A aggression follow follow follow &gt;&gt; your &gt;&gt; your &gt;&gt; your &gt;&gt; trying some you to intuition are put inside that proven model already the is to to to &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; say you would that first you when started and really uh to learning to look market way, at in would the this you you sometimes that guilty say fall in of said the as trying beginning you to and maybe intuition to use trying overpredict trade and almost over because like I because like I because like I these I these sellers can buyers or see and taking and taking and taking of of of &gt;&gt; course the Yes, you Dunning of know Krueger effect. &gt;&gt; you your &gt;&gt; you your &gt;&gt; you your new think new think new think everything I order if now like introduce flow price you to action will a trader say so there say so there say so there I are I I are I I are I no like in it's this the not so beginning introduced my I and when it model and aggression this see was they and up the and up the and up the not it's say not it's say not it's say it's I and say money in I free jump then when you when you when you error did Your error did Your error did Your cold. what's cold. what's cold. what's error. error. error. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; starting You They to see, are squeeze. they break eye. of to the lot try out A buyers the buyers the buyers the are limit punch down like pushing orders on from on from on from &gt;&gt; fact already &gt;&gt; fact already &gt;&gt; fact already eye, that are it the not means sellers protecting anymore. protecting anymore. protecting anymore. example, if this let's we point say at we let's don't see say close buyers we above &gt;&gt; our from and likely here is scenario probably to to here get &gt;&gt; see buyers &gt;&gt; see buyers &gt;&gt; see buyers went around. &gt;&gt; Why? is Exactly. Because the Yes. this level and candle of uh is protection the still So still closed. is not this building if to But start position. you see is that rejection a you this level can the that revisit. point if Now is you where your enter you stop here put loss see is because how big you much this you be this you be this you be will stop It's put loss not your here. worth it. &gt;&gt; course of Yeah &gt;&gt; um I &gt;&gt; um I &gt;&gt; um I when when when &gt;&gt; to lot &gt;&gt; to lot &gt;&gt; to lot that not long you making session were in because in you candle session one long can here you go and here short protect and and and &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; you protect &gt;&gt; you protect &gt;&gt; you protect not worth &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; not trade. just the It's worth And will it. Troy take yet still &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; that say &gt;&gt; that say &gt;&gt; that say trying or say to try okay predict and this going this going this going &gt;&gt; Yes. engage. &gt;&gt; Yes. engage. &gt;&gt; Yes. engage. start start start &gt;&gt; here have for to if some the go I profit day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Otherwise &gt;&gt; no &gt;&gt; we But &gt;&gt; we But &gt;&gt; we But this this this &gt;&gt; follow getting through. no &gt;&gt; Y &gt;&gt; that new &gt;&gt; that new &gt;&gt; that new fluency. can short Maybe try from I a here Okay. put to Where your here. you stop loss &gt;&gt; it No. here? worth Completely. Is it? No. risking you You more are are than expected to. &gt;&gt; terms position &gt;&gt; terms position &gt;&gt; terms position high, the we're know, that you one waiting looking waiting looking waiting looking breaks do We We confirmation. above. our get you a get you a get you a target Uh it in or something mind? is that on broken? depend we've will once So target the So target the So target the the rate. previous win the highest It's daily high. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; the high &gt;&gt; the high &gt;&gt; the high we to let's can checking. check go Now here are because building. they &gt;&gt; Yeah. building. They're &gt;&gt; are squeeze And preparing like they the as see first a can the that you is time candle here. this can Now was accept if happening is It's this trade. here, a happening still happening still happening still accept this breaker here is test. once a This real This real This real like below covering the yourself aggression through aggression through aggression through level still three level still three level still three risk-to-reward risk-to-reward risk-to-reward &gt;&gt; how different you much watching see is only watching only watching only watching that candle out. this break created to Yeah. &gt;&gt; know is if you this level Like that the you trade you you trade you you trade you protect yourself. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; first makes &gt;&gt; first makes &gt;&gt; first makes the we We that before. level considered are the are the are the considering still considering still considering still the can and the I here up high. go mark previous We lot daily have of high. a room. if the You this first see is target, a to we huge reward. have risk If here it's If here it's If here it's 10, 20. to 1 Now sell to trying is &gt;&gt; in. Failing. back Mhm. stop Yeah. &gt;&gt; So what &gt;&gt; recap The let's happened. was the was the was the before the before the before the be market low. right, took to the the Why? deep Then He discount &gt;&gt; revisit area. validated level he first squeeze. the of good when the squeeze you A is approach and aggression the you and level see at time follow price. you up same see from is squeeze. a This good Yeah. &gt;&gt; These forced &gt;&gt; are close sellers to here they position what create and will and more momentum. more Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; price down when come because did here we're and we're and we're and and your live are like what thoughts going head? what's your you through Do when down oh when down oh when down oh I I I I like I &gt;&gt; thinking no thinking was no was be you the be you the be you the and already mind and already mind and already mind narrative short day. to for the be the I to mind &gt;&gt; start my all only change when sell with these pop buy. bubbles this And that have And that have And that have effort that that that So trace I &gt;&gt; I and this I this validated a node. that low It is volume means is lot here. not of there a transaction first this first this first this there huge by is delta where a on Yeah, exactly Yeah, exactly Yeah, exactly price of price of price of low aggression low aggression low aggression in is lock buyers that from something validate. I I validate. I I validate. I I you go here. you go here. you go here. because too you it's risky. &gt;&gt; just Like get can Now, lower. this the that this the that this the that you are traders if a told you breakout you take, take you take, take you take, take and your position trail below just stop bubbles. take Okay? your And if to where if to where if to where stop the your Under low. be? candle If to your &gt;&gt; want here, loss you buy stop be Okay. below can the So, aggressive. &gt;&gt; really let's it's Like, that just say market this the test Okay. movement. Mhm. stop be &gt;&gt; your can the and loss below orders. big Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, stop $200 &gt;&gt; a of make it's loss to It's It's 600. to bad. one not Yeah. &gt;&gt; But a by it's position &gt;&gt; still created noise. market Yes. &gt;&gt; Is my Is my Is my Still ranges. in &gt;&gt; the For will order For will order For will order that doing that doing that doing Yeah. will this Yeah. will this Yeah. will this probability market the the the that with of session volatility York get New will here this back do movement. and move Yeah. And a you And a you And a you on But right position. it your maybe a really a really a really So case lucky. &gt;&gt; this were fell in we It the pip and the pip and the pip and this low already breaks we if the are risk. zero Exactly. &gt;&gt; So fast. really you You &gt;&gt; are are fast. fast. fast. if to a I I advise friend &gt;&gt; had to would this because a model? it's use No. it's of that lot Imagine one stress. in on minutes to in you minute five have on block to on block to on block to fast. $5,000 really risky the Imagine on position. Very &gt;&gt; Yeah. true. You &gt;&gt; gut. need But the the &gt;&gt; the of York when range New is you breakout clear have session and a the have the have the have this point supporting the there to that a studies initial lot about are of u breakout. breakout. breakout. Like the breakout you model &gt;&gt; know initial mark York when New equities um American out break low the or of York or of York or of York is probability there huge they a that continue. using will I'm structural So a of Yeah. the inefficiency market. Just better traders timing than &gt;&gt; it usual I flow not have but because order I'm the the the Of Of Of is about &gt;&gt; exceptional And nothing it. is time this the that this fourth in we to that come the timeline back level told we sellers you still I and reject result. new Buyers zero aggressive if this zero. it low auction breaks risk Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. it's witness. do incredible Now &gt;&gt; to what think the statement to term you the or people terms low, make of that in buy high? this sell in what Because case we're buy high. I'm buy high. I'm buy high. I'm to what opposite That's thinking it. I'm cuz thinking the &gt;&gt; was at there I like low we I at we I at we I at sure of would sure of would sure of would oh it would like put that a you long be place but say place but say place but say you on chances could the yes but most no can are uh no can are uh no can are uh know value asset the of you fair the if be for like would this car I doing a I the that know price. already market Yeah, that stable price. that stable price. that stable price. buy create can and business low my it. there too But is around market not of for Yes. a one high price asset. Because price Because price Because price constantly, you is low &gt;&gt; So law to know. by compared what exactly? &gt;&gt; Low option makes compared flow. &gt;&gt; to It sense. Low order is Low order is Low order is You high. never are I law. buying will this see sell You it's movement. what now? is now? is now? is risk. zero Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. now get Some starting &gt;&gt; minutes to for we for we for we what that out the we reaching level mark hours is 4 and holding. ago still Mhm. &gt;&gt; What expect you would you &gt;&gt; you would price would price to you expect or want break or break or break or actually if you mind reaches not price level, a then sells bit the off and uh like breaks was the thereafter? the like scenario. the prime ideal I sellers destroyed I sellers destroyed I sellers destroyed I from I told the what you beginning. aggressive to market expect participant in as this in as this in as this A of then little pullback &gt;&gt; bit and going aggressive told going aggressive told going aggressive told the to of the to of the to of the clear session is it's direction and 20 me. exactly for direction minutes The clear. is Yeah. was &gt;&gt; position trades First breakout get but still get but still get but still with Why? statistic line distribution. you a you a you a Yeah. &gt;&gt; When gets by a broken &gt;&gt; level supported and getting volume are your you out before Yes. the position level. So not you we you trying see &gt;&gt; are to if the the already target high keep to it's Maybe does and now a rejecting. we whips explode. then Exactly. to &gt;&gt; amazing especially was see the okay take fact we for that didn't position fit position fit position fit playbook didn't &gt;&gt; the fit we the from don't house &gt;&gt; have money earlier to trading example the for take risk and I important and I important and I important because of highlight lot out a traders think a there have anything you bias fits you in fits you in fits you in for you you example let's case you say in in in and take you &gt;&gt; would long to you a try a the you take at there and long low try a you long long try take there any possible and that's try right you take reality your reality your reality your It what is. It what is. It what is. as hasn't as hasn't as hasn't you right itself, nothing your do on hands. I will lot &gt;&gt; they a value think get of conceptwise trades from from these this exactly is because explaining sure beautiful that sure beautiful that sure beautiful that say not not that the would that's it's worst the the in right? trade world, it's bias. with It's the It's three minutes It's three minutes It's three minutes worth it's Just it. depends playbook. &gt;&gt; your all. on Yeah. it you Yeah, who with. depends play what though. That's saying It's I'm It's to to we be see. incredible able Okay, a a had Here's opportunity. bias. trade out with out with out with as real explanation in which well time, most yeah, most yeah, most yeah, to we're phenomenal and to see excited how to see continue through. we push Now, we here Now, we here Now, we here this revisiting Why? area. Aggressive Aggressive Aggressive failed, &gt;&gt; not &gt;&gt; failed. holding knew placed We we target exact our where expect where expect where expect Now two Now two Now two question question question how will retracement. much be &gt;&gt; deep this Yeah. &gt;&gt; Second we be &gt;&gt; is to a question want in position get No. if back long we here. Because not Why? still the it's clear dealing till boys and till boys and till boys and the is this good that because edge if boys big broken. gets Yeah. to and This close &gt;&gt; needs position all regions if dealing in these getting suffer we high will are and &gt;&gt; skyrocketing you how possible are is that say it we high have skyrocketing we situation if a this macro this macro this macro the about that's part flow good order the includes you already the market all possible to possible to possible to the telling what is not market you the no not preconcept it putting of will this is your because that do there no is read role to data only the the &gt;&gt; itself market the there better market is &gt;&gt; itself no than than than so the then &gt;&gt; it normally we'll is case so at this previous this is see point a where won sellers auction had and case seen in because &gt;&gt; this we've try in absorbed to fail buyers step get then the then the then the to to auction revisited who's be see to battle win going that and a of essentially constant &gt;&gt; it's flow what as expens what as expens what as expens is Is buyers this this or cheap? where are transact win happy out are to and transaction And or the sellers? we the we the we the ready. play ready. play ready. play So example according. for of if instead the here us failing we buyers and won actually and above. we &gt;&gt; broke Mhm. &gt;&gt; We &gt;&gt; then would you would a said probably as there be squeeze. Yes. &gt;&gt; How let's that &gt;&gt; you if to would say was place? take Mhm. you try Mhm. you try Mhm. you try if squeeze a because let's enter a say takes be takes be takes be right be right be right be it aggressive be will with of inside &gt;&gt; lot trades will a big I my my my search first node for low &gt;&gt; the volume in really loss with tight jump a stop get and explosion the okay &gt;&gt; you got and you really &gt;&gt; way get one this can fast three five have three five have three five have for you art day done the are what it's trade you a &gt;&gt; need beautiful and part if &gt;&gt; good that take the is You stop stop so stop stop so stop stop so that afford three that afford three that afford three stop stop stop Yeah. &gt;&gt; And average you &gt;&gt; on do to you what look Does on or Does on or Does on or that account trading? you're Usually risk trade Usually risk trade Usually risk trade trade I account. personal Yeah. &gt;&gt; And the I &gt;&gt; in cap till uh Robins reach per sometimes get trade. when 0.5% Uh I 100% I 1%. of get above return to But my always I role Gotcha. will is draw because draw because draw because really Yes. it's there. 600 heavy Like per cost execution can 10 quarter you of So you the it's 20% account. like need make need only profit. don't to You to So also commission. just repay it's not to not convenient What's uh execute. here? happening We're buyers trying seeing trying &gt;&gt; the to break to level. this Yeah. getting the They aggressive &gt;&gt; are to What mean are does that eye. it they to price? to price? to price? For Yeah. it For Yeah. it For Yeah. it to Because was buy? if expensive No. it expensive, will aggressive too buyers participate it not So that here. means my buyer. I narrative Even still is if break I didn't level, know this already to the what for Already expect day. And getting the we ready know. are for The be The be The be Look. here. There it. you &gt;&gt; have This squeeze. can This squeeze. can This squeeze. can expect? fast fast fast is of This bunch trades the aggressive are movement. populating that this Y &gt;&gt; I plot because I plot because I plot because all node. low is volume Yep. &gt;&gt; They efficiently. &gt;&gt; transact the didn't So position can is that take first you here by Okay. this this So protected area. if close only candle it's minutes and five it give follow can us uh either a so the we through of and a break eye get because never remember retracement we the take drive. first Okay. &gt;&gt; Because be out. it a &gt;&gt; can fake You're confirmation. You're confirmation. You're confirmation. Yeah. &gt;&gt; See be out. be it a It &gt;&gt; can fake can and absorbed back. snapped I'm excited. yeah getting I'm &gt;&gt; too like Let's get execution. let's here. get in this you're But why professional is the I'm But incredible to it honestly see is uh you by know play play &gt;&gt; can position it we a if uh have here breaks you the the can first low get position here one risk a of targeting to2 are 600 to2 are 600 to2 are 600 potentially double if we double if we double if we trail loss stop our &gt;&gt; to and is to the the a the high high huge reward achieves to it risk if leaves our is leaves our is leaves our is our to as our to as our to as possible. &gt;&gt; Yeah. course. Of &gt;&gt; This &gt;&gt; long the &gt;&gt; long the &gt;&gt; long the broken. &gt;&gt; execution on &gt;&gt; execution on &gt;&gt; execution on like &gt;&gt; Yeah. stop. buy &gt;&gt; uh high be it the can If breaks you inside Now makes position. this the this sense are all we by because protected these you big know. orders &gt;&gt; soon week you as this taken So as gets are and covered inside are just you here. look here. look here. look happening this are If we here. okay inside position. risking this are in We $650. If are If are If are and getting want we anniated to are we be soon because out as it as possible means wrong. are we &gt;&gt; the if these At time see Yeah. same we sellers absorbed getting by completely buyers up the continuing fail in doesn't stop are we and &gt;&gt; go you it we would that if above say would it squeeze would a uh cause because of because of because of of &gt;&gt; it understood works. how &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; we now and if above example So break for we in trailing higher of continue terms your you trailing stop be it would then beneath? &gt;&gt; so it's It's difficult. not. not No, &gt;&gt; so as &gt;&gt; so as &gt;&gt; so as saying earlier think saying earlier think saying earlier think of a with have misconception people huge &gt;&gt; order hard. think it's they flow &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; their reading Just flow an order is alphabet. to and need letters You learn then But strange it. really that's it's what's because what's because what's because common have and that a you you breakout don't are huge test. leaving low They a volume only afraid The I'm node. thing because we in consider are the that now position in of position in of position in of volume will but node spike we they out we multiple this take in will position case. they the Yeah. are eye. So pushing What mean are does if pushing it they the make This eye another big and drive? boy close because to position needs the he's if needs losing. this to And boy cover squeeze cover squeeze cover squeeze interesting. analyzing price. analyzing price. analyzing price. balls These &gt;&gt; look a balls. a balls. a balls. they it &gt;&gt; start kind When overlapping, of ICT's know, like you looks enigma, like is is really is is really is is really Yeah. going But on. now algorithm that &gt;&gt; is we the saying are get to going long. &gt;&gt; Mhm. orderful. good. orderful. good. orderful. good. is Honestly, is Honestly, is Honestly, can where &gt;&gt; only is you understand price watch You you line. because this see this? &gt;&gt; so &gt;&gt; so &gt;&gt; so But to wonder, But to wonder, But to wonder, what are this audience at the thinking stage. what feel know, would You they trading especially trading especially trading especially were the the were the the were the the you we'll shakeout. said see I that a wonder people be many probably how would looking uh looking uh looking uh been already to out trying stopped and revenge get or trade back like or in what look know, would like, for that you for of I for of I for of I &gt;&gt; a people down lot probably there of would shorting have shorting been shorting know, shorting know, shorting know, through down &gt;&gt; you after but know, the then, especially gap's as gap's as gap's as Because of assume a people be lot would gap London, to in going filled we're then right? as continue Uh we lower, but can see &gt;&gt; what's what's but good what's in about happening sellers happening sellers happening sellers are destroyed getting then completely soon &gt;&gt; the incredible we we the soon the put &gt;&gt; have can stop break have way at we long loss even a to go still. at would scale So stage have &gt;&gt; this you uh stop the moved loss the the beneath red red There's the there? uh bubble only I do they I do they I do they happy a if be take loss will to stop it at there snap me is back because low volume you volume node they low like can spike and push really they a fast get a position. a position. a position. you. Got &gt;&gt; Yeah. this only Like it's &gt;&gt; position one contract give Look it's give Look it's give Look it's pushing. Like makes &gt;&gt; sense. that Yeah. we enter we &gt;&gt; got here got No, we and one line. expect line. expect line. expect as because better trader anything a you psychologically better psychologically better psychologically better included mess. being this than in No, true. very very very &gt;&gt; Yeah, true. time to risk It's us the &gt;&gt; for put to now now now now it low So if to &gt;&gt; even comes volume fine taken fine taken fine taken zero you chance that. you chance that. you chance that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. you this a &gt;&gt; can game lot Now play in of can again. can again. can again. you this to Uh put loss &gt;&gt; can stop break use of even this profit and amount to position have position have position have in does another here. it lock What mean This the lock seems master in? like card it's logo sellers but getting aggressive. &gt;&gt; Yeah. buyers aggressive And more &gt;&gt; getting than is see that. fall? they Who You are when you willing. I what Now tell does buy high are buy high are buy high are pay price willing a to to higher push down. no price is the There discount. no Like is Yeah. There premium. it's stupid that just concept it's the they to the trying to are push audience the the here thing because only market you buyers telling that is is are pay buy to to willing more NASDAQ. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. simple You seven simple You seven simple You seven don't huge screen. need amount You a of are just tools. we watching You are the of Orders nature market. real the not candles. you add it if to would So were there, be where a then case want and a you close a revisit? in you profit in you profit in you profit already It's already It's already It's to it So 1 when here. like 1.5 was you close the can and profit just use to trade test. trade test. trade test. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. are this because are this because are this because volume me. low scares this node Yeah. really want I'm really want I'm really want I'm I will but I will but I will but my I NASDAQ my I NASDAQ my I NASDAQ at it's usually session and the just first the give drive. &gt;&gt; Yeah. back. back. back. &gt;&gt; Yeah. create can we And we now &gt;&gt; but just are the I that's also risk reason got risk we with because aggressive zero can another use it otherwise take trades the the to profit first take on one another will better. one be What that even is the telling market us now? raw buyers analyzing the Just data, at are accepted. top getting the not So expensive. expensive. expensive. &gt;&gt; Yeah. it we to it we to it we to sellers some see here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. if sellers win And see they &gt;&gt; we and the are the we to battle, up point these broken, that levels we if gets can to profit go in also stop of€1,000. &gt;&gt; Mhm. 1,000, &gt;&gt; like Not 800. if bad this if bad this if bad this make profit another to trade. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Yeah. the of we the of we the of we in 20 took the minutes. it first That's movement day. the of The major the break can longterm. can longterm. can longterm. &gt;&gt; Yeah. if longterm 1 And play have &gt;&gt; you you to but a risk-to-reward get 10 you lower win rate. course. course. course. you say cash you say cash you say cash is session &gt;&gt; done. you uh as &gt;&gt; able in part Are in futures of you like this able partial are to your trades? course. Of &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yes. that that Yes. that that Yes. that that sometimes say you Let's something do? in it's one this a to example, good be fair. would example, &gt;&gt; you you Uh for had on in contracts you're multiple and this you that you that you that heavy go I and with go I multiple I rejection, when this contracts see I take of already half would out the contracts I'm Okay. I'm Okay. I'm Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. can and continue I profit can &gt;&gt; take I to if Okay. if Okay. if Okay. don't the weak. don't the weak. don't the weak. will here. So, take But I out education want to wise the get I trade completed. are at Either stopped break we out even go profit. either to I we take don't want to difficulty create of additional trade this that management advance. Because with Yeah. then &gt;&gt; even trade quite it's management personal of it's part &gt;&gt; the a of part like big the when to high but comes the &gt;&gt; it say of previous day that let's &gt;&gt; something say is then you've off off off that next target that next target that next target let's goes know let's goes know let's goes know three and one or then to four shows we're bit where a similar getting of weakness want everything want everything want everything me secrets me secrets me secrets the you told &gt;&gt; point when you so is I I out because scale exactly will it's when this is see step you the aggressive &gt;&gt; coded &gt;&gt; coded &gt;&gt; coded &gt;&gt; next aggressive Uh step sellers. the is Now, sellers if gets aggressive recovered, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; funny. was this &gt;&gt; sellers we aggressive recovered, If gets should explosion should explosion should explosion second squeeze. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; let's to Okay. go your So, back question. question. question. &gt;&gt; in the &gt;&gt; in the &gt;&gt; in the of 40. it of 40. it of 40. it contracts, right? &gt;&gt; these maybe &gt;&gt; these maybe &gt;&gt; these maybe &gt;&gt; what saying. Exactly. I Yeah. That's was Yeah. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; are Okay. would these boys. I Uh big So like boys squeezed like boys squeezed like boys squeezed get the node. to volume back low &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; example, at &gt;&gt; example, at &gt;&gt; example, at there time you we real or if in or know, weren't setting, weren't setting, weren't setting, would half Let's taken Yes. have off. say back even price to on comes break that problem. you're no then trade, But going at from to the the look reaction low Is a node. again volume it confirmation based? &gt;&gt; Like if &gt;&gt; Like if &gt;&gt; Like if goes profit break to and even, half half I half that I half that I half that to the because wait trades I'm for there pretty if back pretty if back pretty if back low low low &gt;&gt; aggressive are we buyers, going get we to the you run high. can to So &gt;&gt; in did to? bear where get just mind this It's about say got 800. €800? to You &gt;&gt; 800. fit Yeah, But 400. like I'll &gt;&gt; now for &gt;&gt; now for &gt;&gt; now for home think, to oh, maybe &gt;&gt; only &gt;&gt; only &gt;&gt; only &gt;&gt; That's was Exactly. what going Yeah. I to like, you to like, you to like, you 10 example. would for you contracts So have have have &gt;&gt; a &gt;&gt; a &gt;&gt; a &gt;&gt; point. the That's The account the more size, you to more confident the feel &gt;&gt; profit day. continuous the get for &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; if to you then want in, And you scale scale the is in profit. you with This anticipated wanted to what to you I say like &gt;&gt; did in &gt;&gt; did in &gt;&gt; did in trading building the is for cup profit day, for day, for day, for building the in for and profit day directional risk in I example days for 10 profit made 10 profit made 10 profit made day get percentage you huge and a &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; are profit &gt;&gt; are profit &gt;&gt; are profit day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; day this &gt;&gt; day this &gt;&gt; day this locked equity. more it's not in It's profit. risk You it. cannot &gt;&gt; next &gt;&gt; next &gt;&gt; next &gt;&gt; reset. &gt;&gt; And think Yeah. if about Yeah. you what's of the concept when the this, model you Yeah. well, risk. goes take Because is Because is Because is you're the back, If goes saying. model ready squeeze, for the Ready for huh? the Uh squeeze sellers coming? aggressive follow here. through. No &gt;&gt; we eye. eye So this this Yeah. need If gets go broken, here. we &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; what saying? &gt;&gt; what saying? &gt;&gt; what saying? build with build with build with and means the uh that market this when condition to make favorable you is you, a money. of lot &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; market bad, When condition you the is take two stop the or loss first three and out. are you &gt;&gt; Done. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; the everything trade day, One next covered. a loss I maximum for have stop- the in that day percentage is like term 2%. I people I when to day So say this took loss lost eight I 2%. stop only Exactly. they That's don't what understand. the they see maybe They time risking stop course 3% loss. it's per Of a lot &gt;&gt; not deal &gt;&gt; not deal &gt;&gt; not deal management. &gt;&gt; important as what's highlight And to well were contracts we about as talking and if more you you contracts know had this been What's have amount. would X important with that highlight is to that that's you You where right. not start start low. you the Micro. with Yeah. build and think over and people time I hear and hear and hear and assume long it's that's time all a but perception like takes right if you so it two to to to four really three years start a up to position and build size your your confidence skill and &gt;&gt; worth to &gt;&gt; worth to &gt;&gt; worth to five a in yes in right day $10,000 day a but hear and then that think don't line oh you I that's incredible yeah that's can ASAP it's do and the that whatever three years and five dedication to of and and and and and and detail allows have that you that then to skill it's lot skill it's lot skill it's lot aren't sacrifice willing and to understand as this that. I is And said, a a and a a and a a and that for traders, truly actual is trade you for like know, people the not who idea if sense. trading, makes of that &gt;&gt; totally you. &gt;&gt; totally you. &gt;&gt; totally you. like I easier in know to the it's believe fairy the tales Metatrader of bot money when that for you makes you sleep &gt;&gt; the that &gt;&gt; the that &gt;&gt; the that to to on to to on to to on when do that's don't But you anything. not and to the uh the reality. message audience. people audience. people audience. people you of even sort or some verification better If live analysis. can live you trading, can and you record if track understand are they they what if doing are do. they saying &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; is difference there big Because a between make the that with people money market that market that market that pretending the with trade like to market service them. case, to this connected In you revisit big they the see again traits. follow traits. follow traits. follow back now a back now a back now a because really because really because really &gt;&gt; remove the want to the want to the want to he out break he out break he out break the but out second we on position took here the position of You half position. how level see this important much it's this market to level is and the using This a is This a is This a is decided buyers that too continue it expensive &gt;&gt; was to buying. So the the &gt;&gt; is of The this cap auction. got expensive Mustang much us. too for Yeah. &gt;&gt; If changing &gt;&gt; are narrative they their we another can will candle, when see we to stop continue our profit. trail in Like &gt;&gt; it's the will it's the will it's the will visual without this now orders for big otherwise see because cannot is I where break here premium even. is our And our If willing back If willing back If willing back the node, use low we cover volume will of that to of that to of that to up one strike with This even contract. be trades wait be trades wait be trades wait eye. the Yeah. &gt;&gt; But to till But to till But to till I volatility see think I because the can it in but it in but it in but drying drying drying So Let's least &gt;&gt; see. at we let's see if the taking reach without the target out position even. at other break other we That that in trade discussed of your terms of and outside playbook traders it some have their might in playbook. Um said that Um said that Um said that makes target know sense the it to you the we the the we the the we the Exactly. Yes. Because know going Because know going Because know going higher. break it someone that be was Would if taking or that setup or that setup or that setup take had in if already would you traded day profits then made or the some even would it's a would it's a would it's a It's setup. It's setup. It's setup. let's &gt;&gt; would the out would the out would the out would in you would in you would in you contracts? another contracts? another contracts? another you half where say leave? would off I really &gt;&gt; something Okay. do smart. I setup but &gt;&gt; the here ready take out I'm open with I open with I open with I it it it Okay. you're &gt;&gt; So, to Okay. able I the indecision don't risk &gt;&gt; take of here. Okay. Okay. Okay. I the my &gt;&gt; bring in then I money account willing the the to money I'm put on table. Yeah. &gt;&gt; If a If a If a like more tried like more tried like more tried say it. to you keep Yeah. &gt;&gt; But it You &gt;&gt; times back. a seven snap get and I I and I I and I I it day hour start at include the 3 and the out and the out and the out preparing is squeeze. the Yeah. those here Yeah. those here Yeah. those here now We right water. that under take We up. should high. squeeze You're &gt;&gt; good. getting Teacher &gt;&gt; prepared. being We great have &gt;&gt; a What expect? can &gt;&gt; we Buyer eye. said &gt;&gt; the Yeah. &gt;&gt; The expensive &gt;&gt; got More auction now. They to They to They to price So price So price So Absorbed. can stop if can stop if can stop if I do the I do the I do the it's to it's to it's to Yeah. &gt;&gt; But a move. we really &gt;&gt; took exponential see draw from almost down You zero like we was non entered zero when there to down enter candle like in draw we this continue trying it seller step again to in move a in parabolic in here. this in here. this in here. this level hope the would hold? we would Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; This want conservative This want conservative This want conservative down down &gt;&gt; Yeah. because there. there is level this protection the the of Why this Why this Why this even think move will are someone we Why? sellers Because expensive. these closing this position are and creating momentum. same Now situation again sellers that decide that decide that decide want this if to level they protect and be continue aggressive to here. &gt;&gt; are &gt;&gt; are &gt;&gt; are round number. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; a number. is important this really &gt;&gt; accumulate &gt;&gt; accumulate &gt;&gt; accumulate around So also level. can this you decide it high you take aggression, also with can the with tight position really second a stop if bad, loss. it you So goes take or at another $700, least $600 but you yourself. we protecting if are So tap the goes eye, loss this stop here. So loss So loss So loss stop here. make our goes we &gt;&gt; loss So more first still the but than position, we are protected. &gt;&gt; Yes. someone what goes someone what goes someone what goes test goes we test goes we test goes we on one. protected second are the It's $700 if another here this 7 because eye and collapse, hold market doesn't the I to to don't give the want back market profit made. an profit made. an profit made. an draw here draw here draw here this consideration because in &gt;&gt; is that target. the that's So it's our then a to to to to to to go back. Exactly. willing Exactly. not &gt;&gt; I'm to the this give market money to all back. and sellers &gt;&gt; see are Yeah. our starting on I to the don't participate top, like expect squeeze bring expect squeeze bring expect squeeze bring target. is gets target. is gets target. is gets I too to I too to I too to It's for back. worth give not me. &gt;&gt; Mhm. our now will So loss I &gt;&gt; stop it's show low. low. low. &gt;&gt; Okay. I that easy And see not &gt;&gt; can it's to high have this you break because to it's Buyers it's Buyers it's Buyers aggressive the aggressive the aggressive the top. auction think If fail, we this I will low node low node low node the &gt;&gt; way. all Yeah. All So have All So have All So have with on position 400 another made the or the are or the are or the are out. out on Totally floating Yeah. on Let's It's highlight So to well. important as at maybe at maybe at maybe $1,100 ter profits. in total um in &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; in I &gt;&gt; in I &gt;&gt; in I media a in causes slight the a problem trading they is where $1,100 space think not of in a money. mind lot Bear that's,100 about hour roughly an in half &gt;&gt; contract. one with &gt;&gt; contract. even With But just one not that though. &gt;&gt; in day $1,100 single Even a &gt;&gt; incredible you're is if Mhm. because trading month average for and you a on whatever rate may 50% whatever be win it you're out very still with good coming a yearly a yearly a yearly a &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; incredible like that's that's And and position That's you one. as number like scale trading how your that's in journey it Now, it's it Now, it's it Now, it's with to need social assume to media you be $100,000 every a month making a single multiple single multiple single multiple thousands. is thousands. is thousands. is And traders but are that, there doing they that go start They didn't way. through step through step through step &gt;&gt; the the Look precision reversal at of point. all point. all point. all &gt;&gt; market give back the to get that want to &gt;&gt; here. I show from is to like This want you I another and make something will prediction not Okay. is trade. that a &gt;&gt; this market But where will is the reverse &gt;&gt; from delta this here it's the to not trade. here worth &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; it's big &gt;&gt; it's big &gt;&gt; it's big having I from follow-up. that a expect here all back here all back here all back &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; can two to we this trades And use $500 make to make to make to &gt;&gt; if another &gt;&gt; if another &gt;&gt; if another for One $500 the to series, day. three. it's only it's only it's only profit. &gt;&gt; scenario, break Worst we even case close of Yeah. day. the &gt;&gt; reason unprofitable the are Like traders is to home is to home is to home maybe this they get and they breakout all top partial the taking till without without never by you go taking can broke partial you on you sitting like are profit day. the for &gt;&gt; this well &gt;&gt; this well &gt;&gt; this well nothing that look between would in you for. only price You wait to would for come that area. to probable back higher Let's will you see. exactly where I tell I reaction I reaction I reaction still by saw the I the momentum didn't big the is but buy picture, momentum amazing. But let's the let's the let's the &gt;&gt; though shows incredible it It's because you dissecting you dissecting you dissecting you're you're you're &gt;&gt; lose of &gt;&gt; lose of &gt;&gt; lose of I thinking was I thinking was I thinking was that there. were we &gt;&gt; feel fair It It to to did did be you. feel Yeah, that. like &gt;&gt; a Huge is volume. this huge low low low &gt;&gt; can Yeah, see you &gt;&gt; a very it's It's like squeeze. &gt;&gt; will in &gt;&gt; will in &gt;&gt; will in here. first I Just trade would the that watch But watch But watch But momentum, think will I uh go don't we back. can to So just adapt you continue to using to using to using &gt;&gt; want, continue it. you can see If we to Can and big Can and big Can and big doing. take is So and against my this the that a is is probability this wall. &gt;&gt; Okay. So the you So the you So the you to if to to if to to if to trade, trade, trade, what about. is afraid this I'm Okay. that Of &gt;&gt; happen. is I the This reason out &gt;&gt; the took buy position before. Round getting Round getting Round getting not follow not follow not follow there this Was of through. any slowdown Was that as that into well? take account as well? because it's Yes, one &gt;&gt; this compression again. Okay. market inside market inside market inside it's of Usually visit compression. a the low. &gt;&gt; Okay. now what &gt;&gt; let's cumulative Uh see volume saying. an is is delta This important we in that putting information are for time first the here. And Mhm. &gt;&gt; this volume the volume the volume the market You visualizing see candlestick. that it's short here. down &gt;&gt; Yeah, is because this information &gt;&gt; an the supported supported supported we distribute. we distribute. we distribute. &gt;&gt; Yes. all movement up. all movement up. all movement up. Divergence. divergence Yeah. this &gt;&gt; M is it there it there it there big two something So is here. scenario breaks take it we either and another that for that for that for us know and that know and that know and that going from we to here are revisit either or volume take or volume take or volume take trades. better even Yeah, is that seen &gt;&gt; a I a this pattern have lot Four every Four every Four every out but taking high week the not value. value. value. there big here If a trades &gt;&gt; is buy a soon. it's collapses Of not is course, a we trend because counter trade are on see doesn't I'll if get Let's the old. you doesn't Yes. one. no It's Big Yes. this trades, through. through. through. Sellers narrative. building &gt;&gt; the volume down. volume down. volume down. go. you do trade you do trade you do trade Q? Q? Q? because a &gt;&gt; uh lot NASDAQ it's of deal to information with. &gt;&gt; Yeah. tried with crude tried with crude tried with crude I therapist. DP I therapist. DP I therapist. DP the the at of psychologist end uh would that even would that even would that even it's of though a information yes lot by into such really one as tuning asset NQ it's cheat &gt;&gt; the code yeah the like understand you I've know like said I &gt;&gt; just seen this pair was this the was this the was this the intuition part a trades never a trades never a trades never but from to but from to but from to and at the we the eye exit top saved profit here saved profit here saved profit here I my will if using I that was ego say go No, to we target. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this target. &gt;&gt; is But because my this adapt behavior adapt behavior adapt behavior this error, an this error, an this error, an is more. that times explosion five It's to market way. to market way. to market way. big and these protect If trades break we buy. we buy. we buy. &gt;&gt; Mhm. we jump train. So, again the &gt;&gt; can on And with trying the if to problem you're say then that long short the and is real still let's bias long. say is But if up and break up and break up and break stop or even loss. lot psychology lot psychology lot psychology they focus is will on that still the that's they cuz one short the lost. &gt;&gt; Yes. of the Instead where &gt;&gt; realizing original by lowquality is this bias taking setup okay might yeah be that might pull be make through able some might to good whatever be. from may profit it The our fixed is get problem mindsets on then happens lot then happens lot then happens lot I lot let's I lot let's I lot let's into as say this a coming session good into they into they into they same you the analysis did market did long bias shot switch &gt;&gt; down to price they short a take they loss. &gt;&gt; Yes. then is &gt;&gt; the they But problem don't or mistake or mistake or mistake stick loss and on and they the they the they stick short keep on and trying all up. to the They short way marry their trades then up know, then up know, then up know, challenge, blowing blowing their their a than a than a than to reality meant in they're when they you done had know, your, to, you've it's said When said When said When war, make at don't you're you the changes, right? don't when &gt;&gt; make you You change are Like are Like are Like are the generals in with made tent and war war war up front. &gt;&gt; Mhm. this building &gt;&gt; case, a In it's goodby setup. &gt;&gt; Yeah. of Watching here. Watching here. Watching here. think retrace where will Look we back. it Low Now tapped volume what in. node. we be the need to in We need back trade? a this breakout high. of &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; next buy So set stop. the uh &gt;&gt; I full &gt;&gt; I full &gt;&gt; I full &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; one. &gt;&gt; one. &gt;&gt; one. &gt;&gt; reason one? What's for Because the that we're high. quite already &gt;&gt; bias The &gt;&gt; bias The &gt;&gt; bias The clear. is taken. target not The still The big interesting is the momentum and is this um is this um is this um order than area. bigger this is all &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; are So traders squeezed. these getting if this test we high, this break we area. target I for will another $12,000 trade getting to 22062. This the will trade. be But how you But how you But how you put aside this put aside this put aside this narrative was didn't I It that building. break but the the it low. high broke Yeah. can a So be retracement it still to volume I to volume I to volume I trade as we trade as we trade as we a candle candle minute body one full &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; were where failing. we &gt;&gt; we &gt;&gt; we &gt;&gt; we &gt;&gt; if move is Even in up a better the there big that like cell destroyed trade gets here. And have trading how you this long been way? &gt;&gt; it's years &gt;&gt; it's years &gt;&gt; it's years use more action. flow price order than Before before I started years I four started only from get trigger to the order I'm flow flow. full like Now order I action a a price as and use only proxy result Yeah. you of like you volume. I see compare with I the the always volume result providing but that and the is um learning still of curve like what is 20% you with I can this. still understand So am one &gt;&gt; the of I of power flow 20% real order mastered still to like need get I to better I better I better I &gt;&gt; with especially machine nowadays learning network put neural can and you this data algorithm kind in that of an really to the you all helps remove noise. Mhm. &gt;&gt; I the artificial um in of And think area intelligence, this deeply understanding data AI get data AI get data AI get um or risk position management management, your journaling trades. all &gt;&gt; an Omar. &gt;&gt; an Omar. &gt;&gt; an Omar. artificial the intelligence journal for is can up something really the that step game And lot. a &gt;&gt; how you it's much have incredible when 2,500 a in sample small risk also change management curve management curve management curve equity equity equity &gt;&gt; can or go you parabolic can Like go you stable can this or go small you like change. strategy change. strategy change. strategy Let's 33% mindset say is the 33%. the trader behind it that and can is that stay it's calm not when &gt;&gt; or Yeah. setup presenting. his playbook The 33% risk trend the other is management it's management it's management it's part. &gt;&gt; that's &gt;&gt; that's &gt;&gt; that's um a with know did table you I round uh verified eight verified eight verified eight Zuma as that Zuma as that Zuma as that thing to is that stand that seemed out once gotten once gotten once gotten down &gt;&gt; their then right playbook they had and have at they psychology point the this have consistency &gt;&gt; portion change &gt;&gt; portion change &gt;&gt; portion change &gt;&gt; the by tweaking management is risk really focusing really focusing really focusing &gt;&gt; totally. So you then? So you then? So you then? this we've big obviously this stage seen buyer. &gt;&gt; we in buy are still uh We are a narrative. &gt;&gt; that you &gt;&gt; that you &gt;&gt; that you out valid? still there &gt;&gt; sell the The &gt;&gt; buy the sorry the &gt;&gt; is Yes. the still Totally. buy valid. &gt;&gt; it's activated And still because uh not they break need the to &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. &gt;&gt; is nar &gt;&gt; is nar &gt;&gt; is nar is was this valid. interested buy. I in If bro bro bro bro bro bro bro and will bro tested bro broken we this keep Yeah narrative. but are broke &gt;&gt; we We high still long. the the we the consolidation. are of So in phase explained phase explained phase explained at where now. at where now. at where now. know still know still know still But say some if you anyway. I saw try in get to and sellers step they just the absorbed to If add confidence. see absorbed I getting it sellers here, be be be because look also because look also because look also limit only limit only limit only because execution because execution because execution you sell getting see aggressive if a not follow means a it the through that are from are from are from absorbing. have order you forces So two in direction a the and pushing same it's good good good Yeah, &gt;&gt; I'm on like really this &gt;&gt; optimistic one. it's way up still a to here, &gt;&gt; long go but are dealing we are dealing we are dealing we trade still to we took because didn't the out previous previous previous previous Yeah. daily &gt;&gt; high. And say this would as &gt;&gt; you well we're this we're this we're this we break would were higher, if to it be So another essentially squeeze. of that of that we've because range kind building the we here high, been at if to were higher, break it all sellers it all sellers it all sellers sellers sellers sellers Mhm. &gt;&gt; would close I would close I would close I one as one as one as Yeah. then &gt;&gt; but would Yeah, they have out have out have out then to would us towards cause push more. target They get move They get move They get move price pretty the I'm about here. sure it. But to a &gt;&gt; need them to we give reason the still close because they trades now be be be Yes. Yes. Yes. They to wrong &gt;&gt; going proven we are be if break But first level. we this if this so want ice I approach before don't lose because wait lose because wait lose because wait step I it's in risk to Yeah. that explosion and another this are like we unfilled. Yes. &gt;&gt; So just level &gt;&gt; will a when I take because break the we one that this probability will So of continue our we high. margin is we error because only small are $595. half profit This of losing is the we that made. already Yes. &gt;&gt; But goes add But goes add But goes add So sitting day So sitting day So sitting day $2,200. Just for not to everyone, &gt;&gt; confirm we're this in yet. trade Yeah. no. you &gt;&gt; no, when this No, Uh see here, one level long and it's contract price low. takes &gt;&gt; that Mhm. you Does &gt;&gt; that invalid it &gt;&gt; because that invalid means seller are seller are seller are enough it can to up. aggressive push But show I remove you need I something to the I because that is narrative have clear long will on and really the I you you you consider compression all Let's this Now into here. take all let's account area. this Yeah, Okay. we willing &gt;&gt; not break are to the right &gt;&gt; the low. value &gt;&gt; area Mhm. &gt;&gt; But willing &gt;&gt; are sit we to above &gt;&gt; P. the Yeah. &gt;&gt; If sitting P we above &gt;&gt; are the it it's it it's it it's accumulation. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Not statistically &gt;&gt; but it's always, wise, probable will more we this that approach high. Yeah. we eye &gt;&gt; if this we And approach and up, are spike traders to these forced their they close If forced position. are close we close we close we catalyst that another price us in gives possibility be in to break the to even minute enter one we it because here, here, here, here, here, here, here, even. So temporary loss. it's the &gt;&gt; only $600 I I see I I see I I see here aggressive we approaching have not sellers to willing not have like willing a um to reaction but pushing limit absorbing &gt;&gt; are Let's order them. how going. to how going. to how going. to because useful because useful because useful volume this delta commumulative in situation. what volume So cumulative is the delta now they saying that building is are down. can is So expect momentum we what a a a Okay. &gt;&gt; Take law. off &gt;&gt; the as see But can here you also like like also consolidation here the replicating scenario. same Mhm. &gt;&gt; In here. this &gt;&gt; situation see. Let's say don't say don't say don't but It's not a not patience lot. it's swing a patient swing a patient swing a patient for setup. the wait correct Exactly. true. Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's So &gt;&gt; will these I use signal only two value and use value and use value and use color color color the high value and area is Okay, then I this a will one. little cancel There's bit for think. delay I of connection And we is And we is And we is observe approach if we level, when this we level, of this behavior approach the the still still still &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; control. bias Still &gt;&gt; just &gt;&gt; just &gt;&gt; just &gt;&gt; it's live. I no, It's uh No, live. just think reload think think reload think think reload think properly. if any see is Let's there change. works. check No, Let with it me the phone is in there discrepancy if any price think no, It Oh disappeared. only it was temporary. was seconds, There 5 seconds delay 10 red but the the mark, are high approaching we the buyers if still like want controlling we get level to horizontal exactly the is one order. the this my protecting So loss little generous. is bit stop a too be to should this honest. like be Mhm. &gt;&gt; Exactly This consolidating it uh the &gt;&gt; price way right that say now. would is Is you a negative a negative a negative just just just It's because &gt;&gt; thing most positive it's a because reaccumulation probably before market here. market here. market here. up. skyrocket Yep. &gt;&gt; Without is &gt;&gt; This um retracing. not market is exchange. efficient This price price price So is we &gt;&gt; one if to this necessary want the the one the the one the the one market parabolic. cannot the be Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because to &gt;&gt; needs interaction there be sellers step now trying in. like to And we trapped, we trapped, we trapped, aggressive, node top, big the squeeze. on possible If this one If this one If this one to to to Mhm. &gt;&gt; a This a a This a a This a And part we And part we And part we profit profit. using the is of This also also also for for for So a on So a on So a on loss day. worst loss day. worst loss day. worst I That I That I That trades. eight Yeah. &gt;&gt; But often one doesn't can &gt;&gt; happen happen every time months. two Yeah. in case &gt;&gt; in this like So in though you at desk were your if trading own now right and first a you um trade's win &gt;&gt; so a are trades trade trades trade trades trade for you trade would taking example be of trades any other we those that uh or or as trying discussed well them I the trade I the trade I the trade was the is on only it desk difference I'm trackp I that a and a with now have that so just have I mouse shortcut can faster put execute also break and at with like with like with like it's like really execution important a not to a not to a not to scalping but these valid &gt;&gt; yes two the uh are setup that before setup took exactly we is I in in I in in I in in I participating we was in if still it approaching and approaching and approaching and at I exactly level you the told so we for now are &gt;&gt; participating waiting candle can fake candle can fake candle can fake the we it's the we it's the we it's chart really chart really chart really see we before &gt;&gt; you in would if were we the risk saw whip now if candle what the &gt;&gt; happens full here have arrives cannot big we this loss will ourself so just stop we cover the okay big below trade got &gt;&gt; so how we not I adapt loss. candle here, If close we the even are even But still less I risking 355. need that above to it this see close box. &gt;&gt; Yes. it I'm &gt;&gt; close not If inside, engaging. it then &gt;&gt; closes closes If inside above you're it the in close box, or below. Yeah. not So, &gt;&gt; in. But now &gt;&gt; if closed Okay. it above, see &gt;&gt; why you not? &gt;&gt; Yeah. it above, can it above, can it above, can trade. I consider But, need the uh, to below Yes. potential So, potential So, potential So, have small I a stop can really loss. trade will trade will trade will It's here. participate $275 loss. &gt;&gt; Okay. of got day. of got day. of got day. are that is, are that is, are that is, if below the if below the if below the essentially setup fine is anymore. So, matter &gt;&gt; it about, Okay. doesn't oh, $600 risk you worth you have of could give use. it So, wider. showing but &gt;&gt; one if I'm contract, the only is risk $280, scaling I I contract can can like bring to two the $500. contracts risk So, in this case. got Okay. &gt;&gt; you. I I Yes. understand. see. are Yeah. Okay, in Let's we here. the are are the are are the are are to risking make $260 potential 1,100. to It's five. one One five halfish. to a &gt;&gt; and Yeah. and The is Five half. part &gt;&gt; a good that approach we when this, we are &gt;&gt; break, risk if we free immediately. we &gt;&gt; break If that, we one, the we one, the we one, the catalyst. &gt;&gt; Okay. go &gt;&gt; risk We free. you. some we Got like and &gt;&gt; and seconds go &gt;&gt; you'd free. now risk So be &gt;&gt; risk It's be aggression can this it below candle still will but risky. still it's I not free think go because we risk-f I will level. take to level. take to level. take to loss one. you risk you &gt;&gt; go when candle can free see the the the Yeah, &gt;&gt; this still the this still the this still the the that then risk it and is test up are your and out skyrocket you of position and too No, test. what No, test. what No, test. what saved does &gt;&gt; upper the of top range. the Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I fact will I fact will I fact will if too free. I fast liquidated go risk you you Yes, can can And say re-enter. what it what it what it It's &gt;&gt; fast. too Yes, fast. we &gt;&gt; too when a it's Now, get money Yeah. get candle we full up, can risk-free. Okay. getting You're &gt;&gt; anxious. we're getting Yeah, We're &gt;&gt; dry. We're by of a by of a by of a trader. But is clear be it than honest, more price price price &gt;&gt; is. Uh more it is. way Yeah, It it's clear. said, of clear. said, of clear. said, of clearest we've orderflow done breakdowns so sure. be do for to to far, And able it well it it well it it well it incredible. I'll that, and you Um, tell you platform's you platform's you platform's as as previous because, said, well I ones it's very seen, feels I've it overwhelming who overwhelming who overwhelming who orderflow, &gt;&gt; one incorporate &gt;&gt; one incorporate &gt;&gt; one incorporate of quite this cleanly, information especially had especially had especially had profile delta, you the then with and have know, being you orders uh, the shown the being well, orders as large shown, &gt;&gt; all clean. &gt;&gt; all clean. &gt;&gt; all clean. the you click beauty can a is just button, off, back hide put on. them them &gt;&gt; Yeah. So it's a is see it's this you not fail a like it deduction time failed every approach and our high back the get probability will stop that get loss we a gets higher. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; we and me if again gives So approach it the put loss the put loss the put loss even will the even will the even will the getting time weaker the the the more the weaker a create the good an weaker setup explosion here. &gt;&gt; yes, these &gt;&gt; yes, these &gt;&gt; yes, these protecting, probability protecting, probability protecting, probability will out me just and is spike liquidate getting higher. exactly So that's happened. And what how lost one? the be spot the be spot the be spot saves put loss saves put loss saves put loss beginning to the wanted here we do down &gt;&gt; Yeah. here. No, half Let's No, half Let's No, half Let's the are of narrative. in the We profit for because two for because two for because two this can If on What do? big one. we this gets we gets we gets we But to engaged. need again we see of participants. the aggression market can final other take position We a of to either of to either of to either of either two three one one day to to riskto-reward. happened we What Why this here? have Aggressive follow buyers movement? no through. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Getting sellers &gt;&gt; in the back locking movement. either here buyers we either Now go the control. I'm take what we From seeing, here. buyers? here. buyers? here. buyers? followup. Yep. &gt;&gt; Like &gt;&gt; you can short if this a it's want be but the against the the the The we experience The we experience The we experience we try we we try we we try we that gives new the us waiting market a position. long Mhm. &gt;&gt; That is at That is at That is at So need see So need see So need see back certain back certain back certain looking looking looking &gt;&gt; will also &gt;&gt; will also &gt;&gt; will also Now era the consolidation still the is same. remove second Okay, for the let's a big let's what and on matters. go really it value No. it value No. it value No. break area Okay. the high? it value Yes. information. are Now First sellers really What aggressive getting here. it before it before it before the it skyrocketing up, the market took Okay. this full So candle of either is aggressive is ball There big sellers. a here. go and here. go and here. go and market buy market buy market buy engage. use engage. use engage. use following when the only closed setup it candle remember candle remember candle remember here did explosion we This like here. was to So taken this. we thanks Okay. took loss don't took loss don't took loss don't engage noise in now. the &gt;&gt; want patient &gt;&gt; want patient &gt;&gt; want patient Let's Let's Let's &gt;&gt; let's know &gt;&gt; let's know &gt;&gt; let's know involved could involved could involved could lower if if lower if if lower if if above the the above the the above the the could lower we still while break go if above &gt;&gt; could high we a then have &gt;&gt; probability will prob that go low you lower consider it also if and that breaks have clear you really higher a level cover you to So where yourself. either right, are are you you either wrong fast can really you really here try get try along stopped again here out here out it get here breaks stopped if and back valid it is anymore. comes not Yeah get for you stopped no cannot out reason. &gt;&gt; could back &gt;&gt; could back &gt;&gt; could back analogy about during well know as you the is the is the is during here entered battle we the where the we stopped trade just out that got on we the was had battle. when exited &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; ended a &gt;&gt; ended a &gt;&gt; ended a fine. &gt;&gt; part &gt;&gt; part &gt;&gt; part &gt;&gt; we're battle &gt;&gt; we're battle &gt;&gt; we're battle we're to decision looking a not make now. &gt;&gt; No, &gt;&gt; to from we come it. want away &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; planned time. it's of But ahead &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; the are Now, moment, willing at sellers this sellers to If willing battle. are win this to battle, needs this one close. one close, If needs then this to we'll Uh do squeeze we the down. will opposite. down. We'll See squeeze aggressive jumping sellers back here liquidating ones here these from all and we the movement we the movement we the movement day. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; how Still let's it didn't see behaves. took The when low. happens the squeeze you low they you low they you low they two, five revisit. four, to three, low Let's they Let's they Let's they &gt;&gt; say time &gt;&gt; say time &gt;&gt; say time into We're in. open? hours the couple Yes. in Yes. in Yes. in &gt;&gt; stage there At normally more this is volatility say this you is would or &gt;&gt; it's compression not you day like see first made first made first made &gt;&gt; lost As &gt;&gt; lost As &gt;&gt; lost As you don't when model properly the work there there there &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; are profit took we in we Why still if one and for take one only profit loss one risk one risk one risk &gt;&gt; profit necessary. &gt;&gt; profit necessary. &gt;&gt; profit necessary. wrong. are are When wrong wrong we we immediately. the immediately. the immediately. the took low the first to the accelerated second. to it accelerate second, If the accelerate third. to Big the liquidation, low liquidation, low liquidation, low Market like Market like Market like exchange um exchange um exchange um They to Okay. like here. don't void &gt;&gt; can from volume you them low So see the uh usually filled. node they So and get this we all cell were of if ignoring this is are cell sellers this saying getting they getting they getting they having through. follow a &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; this are &gt;&gt; this are &gt;&gt; this are a If have fail here a auction. we breakout candle get of and back the we here be here be here be &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; the also Is situation the not because buyers willing. are buyers willing. are buyers willing. are situation remember London you the if of session saw direction we clear that not not long-term not long-term not long-term clear clear clear &gt;&gt; a to &gt;&gt; a to &gt;&gt; a to &gt;&gt; Yeah &gt;&gt; the here. what's they watch So Let's happen. took two get the loss, back first they inside sellers aggressive sellers aggressive sellers aggressive didn't value here. reach area We the low failed here. we auction and the Now everything. everything. everything. clean see we we If everything, something this But same option. the failed at time, need on time, need on time, need on to this, is look this is look this is look this didn't from They revisit first even the that the trade took area. we balance what do what do what do can We the to delta the what we inside delta more the that relevant by is is in point in point in point and are one three the two these biggest if void one it's and even a this the this we the this we the this we here aggressive back have get we buyers sellers in we that deep have are loss can position that the yeah close and so situation up this skyrocket from I shortterm is that bias expect the still can this we and long accelerate exactly are now to are now to are now to of lows some previous take those that we to you are take mentioned going them. It's to long not take here worthy a against Yeah, is The is The is The happening. the happening. the happening. the low. going three are first They to other they target one. do this When it, the node. rebalance volume they low When the node, rebalance volume they low we opportunity a our take have to $500 To 3,000 To 3,000 To 3,000 the for profit day. are we And done. Now put it's Now put it's Now put it's moving. really You aggressive see accelerating to our Now never putting I dream the will about buy seeing buy seeing buy seeing or buyers or buyers or buyers &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; will this a I wait is Like before one continuation sellers like model aggressive aggressive aggressive &gt;&gt; them &gt;&gt; them &gt;&gt; them &gt;&gt; them it's You to accelerating want like still when yellow like uh irrelevant it's it's it's volume relevant not &gt;&gt; okay &gt;&gt; below okay it's threshold so the &gt;&gt; you it think then can out we uh point I are yes going it to are push going we to out out out &gt;&gt; Mhm. If close If close If close skyrocket are skyrocket are skyrocket are first we this time are now. that seeing &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; can take &gt;&gt; can take &gt;&gt; can take let you the let you the let you the incorporated sell all volume this inside. manage the If to high they break of okay, back this and in, candle, get not I purpose, if on even calculated $500 can to It's to $2,000 a four trade. one riskto-reward. We later is we see it what will if still need to setup have this to activate break full of out body this with candle high. &gt;&gt; you close. So to Okay. need &gt;&gt; to So need Yes. I close. &gt;&gt; market great if goes aggressive the down cell my cell my cell my &gt;&gt; Let's it I whipso Still a Why expect down. buyers is buyers is buyers is Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Um Yes. can Um Yes. can Um Yes. can up position out this the closing but of is good. the not reaction buyers so If to here &gt;&gt; start above sellers we go the be close. be be close. be be close. be for I to for I to for I to we global is reach node. that this This interesting. really see manage it. if to Let's we get Just know, the Just know, the Just know, the the episode. longest for char Really? &gt;&gt; That's That's That's Probably or &gt;&gt; four hours, approaching five think, I now. by Really? course. a It's It's &gt;&gt; a not Yeah, &gt;&gt; Exactly. exactly. We people you told free &gt;&gt; the education, that seen that seen that seen you like and know, to And, we deliver helped do I us that. you've to Like I'm see said, to feedback, excited the comments the everyone. from Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. aggressive Ultra getting sellers absorbed to volume this the node. close low So is trade valid. not we it. low is Now volume created this node by this candle. &gt;&gt; Mhm. they create low &gt;&gt; try a but And to new it do we if to So that failed it. expect we this have again we approach low the final drive the themselves when present &gt;&gt; bubbles on is the is the is the has okay has okay has okay &gt;&gt; exactly you especially &gt;&gt; expect for so so that size would when you price &gt;&gt; expect it's to really to move happened instantly so it where fact is the doesn't we're saying absorption exactly exactly exactly if back example if back example if back example came moved those in Yes. buys we Yeah. here. came didn't here. came didn't here. came didn't the in. move, buys We but came Yes. they They &gt;&gt; are in &gt;&gt; moving facilitated the market. &gt;&gt; We the are about is What What &gt;&gt; now? your are for only We ready need &gt;&gt; getting I the of in lock uh Here approaching So, are level. we the I'm still closer. still closer. still closer. This $500. This $500. This $500. for 1,000. Let's now Let's put at see The there. is close Not a candle. yet. one You It's minute needed above. close to &gt;&gt; can below &gt;&gt; can below &gt;&gt; can below If the that it important it close is close above above this, and below this this. &gt;&gt; not &gt;&gt; not &gt;&gt; not &gt;&gt; it's You rejecting. see &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; is Still the one okay. in This not not trade. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. Thanks not trade Still the God. in because as the not as the not as the not protecting you protecting you protecting you the retracement. &gt;&gt; do like &gt;&gt; do like &gt;&gt; do like early in or as essentially sellers traps like in here getting early okay buyers for example. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; we that &gt;&gt; we that &gt;&gt; we that &gt;&gt; lot does a A times happen Yeah. of that lot? Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; that so why is That's confirmation important. &gt;&gt; it's semaphore Yeah. like like Yeah, a if and trying if and trying if and trying two of working two of working two of working other are car you another time crashing like &gt;&gt; again setups it's the now presenting &gt;&gt; needed &gt;&gt; needed &gt;&gt; needed &gt;&gt; to I are need but we I close think &gt;&gt; let's see &gt;&gt; okay in just tested got we So, filled. can scale two. can scale two. can scale two. 1,00 scale Yeah. and the At then final of of If of of If of of If a on we take loss one, we stop this will day model close because is the the not because in because in because in You are You are You are So, the So, the So, the we the that for profit made day. Now these &gt;&gt; I setups Yeah. like because usually down they zero like are draw we the up are whips. we getting So are loaded here. can this break can this break can this break this are even? high risk Break we free. &gt;&gt; Yeah how let's it see goes. something really something really something really that immediately setups go good they in the one That's this profit. reason I close $250 to with decided only loss it option are it option are it option are stop is you stop is you stop is you a this. are with have are with have are with have stopped sellers aggressive absorbed directly low tapping the not on volume on level node the where but same the get Yeah, get Yeah, get Yeah, there. there. there. if at Let's they least see reach the because over because over because over this now down. Imagine spike this they Close and one this. stop That &gt;&gt; right? happens, Yeah, not NASDAQ this surprise &gt;&gt; will me. lot does of a time legs spikes legs spikes legs spikes But part jumping. good NASDAQ the about now a like that not day. are is good we to but the make this managing profit is day can worst you because that have when momentum when momentum when momentum falling is trend one we this breakout break break break if we this &gt;&gt; if in right we weren't saying where to where to where to live continue trade and trade and to if at you &gt;&gt; were and that you home took trade see you and this first you would okay day or then a me you it's for would say when that fails when that fails when that fails and profit back take this I from I take I take I take profit for thousand close day and the it's market it's market it's market is money. making that me Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like to aggressive Like to aggressive Like to aggressive like was it's session nice. long really see move of uh a You directional lot in fast volatility like to explosion one setups getting three is also now like price is price is price is compressed. really Yeah. this not Yeah. this not Yeah. this not just down breaking anything going going now two down. we breaking So have either another either another either another and at and at and at or get to &gt;&gt; just least even we at break one break and one break and one break and it it it Yeah. let &gt;&gt; you run If it contract open one that on each we this Mhm. us. to of us. to of us. to of For we 3,680. it's to So worth do sometimes it it you or if three because get four can figures you five contract make per day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. the gets So But rate lower. &gt;&gt; win uh you these if can amazing you have days are the like I on size I heavy lot me. can six, uh open seven, of five, 10 mini heavy. get It's you contract. If 10 you $40,000. there, make contract can Uh win drops but rate down. the drops I just like This a decision. is personal I lot of prefer of 3,000 a days 5,000 5,000 to 6,000 8,000 build 2,000 and the six the five figures month to for than minus 5 - not minus 5 - not minus 5 - not not me is helping psychologically um you I only know think ego and it's because just example you take let's can for say are are are what it sometimes is &gt;&gt; happens always it balance balances sometimes Anyway, one had yeah, person to but hasn't take losses. losses. losses. &gt;&gt; Yeah. is, say, Which you &gt;&gt; as psychologically, couldn't There couldn't There couldn't There to occasional to occasional to occasional can in who handle psychopaths handle the I day beginning. had where Then one I 28,000 day. floating the was for I keep eye. keep eye. keep eye. just tick eye just tick eye just tick eye lost a and everything stop I plus loss next the on trades. just "No, stupid. just "No, stupid. just "No, stupid. can 28,000 just close you you at are the you do it's the &gt;&gt; heavier psychology so from side &gt;&gt; it's say profitable I say profitable I say profitable I because try don't I to know never keep open example position for my but today be true you be true you be true you stop you keep loss don't the there trail don't would you we or manage already loss loss loss &gt;&gt; mhm will sitting profit we be a &gt;&gt; not on now go even one go even one go even one going We it's good. because really we here test. here test. here test. we high, &gt;&gt; reach are When the you squeeze squeeze squeeze this Okay. this Okay. this Okay. the I I That's that say &gt;&gt; reason I will break close to not bring even full because right because right because right can fast squeeze go to it really for Okay. really 2,000. go example Can fast. take reference So as that let's a we break But bring even what to here. we is building expect Now can momentum. for the day when typically and your &gt;&gt; does your to session an come end? depends some &gt;&gt; like session It uh consider living United I'm uh that in Arab I'm me Emirates. uh New So for York uh Yeah, uh Yeah, uh Yeah, already &gt;&gt; uh it's 7. &gt;&gt; Yeah, and I 9 7 usually 8 &gt;&gt; um finish sometimes 10. not to And just keep. it's convenient So the to of the to of the to of the session. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I trades don't I trades don't I trades don't to trades. decide take Now not other we an put have opportunity our um to stop break If to already. loss even this this to break eye break again not even no even even. no even even. no even even. eye the If breaks market this what is us aggressive to that saying is buyers sellers to pushing trying are are get they failed. they failed. they failed. I even break I even break I even break I other even, will $250. but secure So, profit. the profit. the profit. the scenario, $1,000 case close worst we and okay you still it, I'm with know. if the Let's it high see approached and Yes. Yes. Yes. exactly the So, $250 day. yes, for Um, back if that back we brings like didn't previous the took loss. And see the And see the And see the the not profit day heavy for is mentally not the if not the if not the if is auction now a that this failed it we $500 lower another explode get loss. &gt;&gt; Yeah. getting getting Like wins &gt;&gt; consistent all journal better journal better journal better green day on green day on green day on other the all days. if that What uh what happens is you though was would if to expect price come level continue to to lower this go down to here? that breaking &gt;&gt; it's if Considering not it here breaks. goes and Yes. back it It at break go to will least even. &gt;&gt; Yeah. to level &gt;&gt; the where To previous we entered. then as it So might put &gt;&gt; you well into profit. be be &gt;&gt; out. out. Better Better like securing for uh profit securing some the uh uh uh to in be make the able 1,000 worst Secure five Secure five Secure five when are 10,000 condition or the good. &gt;&gt; Yeah. look market. look market. look market. only that The environment &gt;&gt; trending we this we did one monetized is and it. Exactly. the just risk the just risk the just risk surviving management this and market condition. to stopping decided that I put profit this Yeah. this Yeah. this Yeah. lot the to lot the to lot the to do. &gt;&gt; Okay. a if this &gt;&gt; lot. we one, Says So break we down you will and can collapse then say react We maybe here. can we Yes. try but a trade on another sitting profit. &gt;&gt; Yeah. we the &gt;&gt; can profit. Like risk Yeah. if come to And does though &gt;&gt; it down the node then volume example, low for you have you use the then can of &gt;&gt; you half 1,000 make. make. make. for for just &gt;&gt; uh it I Yeah. for but know I after NASDAQ know the and that huge it the gap made day that usually is know yeah you the rebalance because it's really situation a clear it's not about they compressing and just Iran are you the not see buyers getting also are any followup they to the they to the they to the but getting high was market it really the are by we aggressive sellers still of not the out position if can Consider profit made the we that that today considering today considering today considering execution. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; need it &gt;&gt; need it &gt;&gt; need it amount you to margin available of have open five three, contract. four, &gt;&gt; out. 1,000 for are are profit We We in the are what do We Now can day. out. we again this high is breaks try if the the squeeze. &gt;&gt; Okay. From it break here needs the but to high. &gt;&gt; a &gt;&gt; a &gt;&gt; a &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; from $1,000 profit. I can easily I can easily I can easily price Mhm. correctly. squeeze So are 1,000 now 1,000 per we another contract. with that Consider five you five you five you the 10,000. at day &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; consider profit People how it don't much is. you this is. you this is. you this days, this we this we this we &gt;&gt; You get bit You get bit You get bit For one For one For one each can $290 You two contract. get and risk other get to contract 600 make 2,000. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Now making trades Now making trades Now making trades contract. just one we one So consider We be candle need with contract. to a of out area. this Yeah. &gt;&gt; For &gt;&gt; trades. confirming Still Still Still you you you the when in when at beginning looking in when above this price charts way got enter closure? without just the I reason so I reason so I reason so would helped What say to you you that? overcome Uh line. the &gt;&gt; equity equity see is equity see is equity see is is Now accepting close. is didn't this first can the that above candle close and to if &gt;&gt; need Like candle we adapt. the example here, for closing still is it's but to $100 but to $100 but to $100 risk. Okay. &gt;&gt; So need that &gt;&gt; just candle At we a close. moment closing. the not every is And that as you, that as you, that as you, gets weaker. setup and every weaker So I um my get demanding time more from So now for for I setup. example, expect breakout a this. of Mhm. &gt;&gt; So a this &gt;&gt; need of I I breakout level. take to to to &gt;&gt; what is in think said though I you right terms the day terms the day terms the day trading obviously trading obviously trading obviously gap a as um is gap 3% that large well. of that and of that and of that and did decent that some after have movement reclaim in um as London as well right well into we well into we well into we very that as good we well move captured so in you reality know we this we could move could have but also and just chop chop &gt;&gt; the presenting for this probably way like high like high like high consolidation in consolidation in consolidation in It's day Monday. decision it's a and Yeah, &gt;&gt; common. that it's Yeah, it really Monday happens and my Monday are like Friday worst performance. in day &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; are day. because not They they explosion are make the I profit profit still but factor way is lower. like &gt;&gt; um breaks see But it you Mhm. if there again getting again getting again getting we not just just anything are doing compressing thing can only I the that expect if this is we high that approach we acceleration we acceleration we acceleration reason say also I I take still can double here double here double here $700 if in case it the scenario goes worst I'm profit day still for small in the profit profitable day. I'm the but for &gt;&gt; if double &gt;&gt; if double &gt;&gt; if double it's that bring 2,000 will another this the 3,000. consider day Now we to let's take and the take and the take and the 3,000. using Okay, are contract. We one let's to what see contract you also is can 100,000 can 100,000 can 100,000 &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; in People it's one don't 3% day. understand it you understand it you understand it you this consistently. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; edge be &gt;&gt; edge be &gt;&gt; edge be you will on like be your we knocking door. good he's a what It's accumulation doing is pattern This good here. a taking rejecting big low the the on trades. This nice. really is &gt;&gt; when to big really comes the So it the buyers for a sellers, if and example, seller right stepped now in &gt;&gt; follow great but through, for no that's that a in If steps narrative. buyer right follow right follow right follow great narrative. the for &gt;&gt; you to a what want is Uh don't see seller and through step it or in follows a uh buyer fail. follow &gt;&gt; you Yes. Yes. are Yeah. If long. Opposite are we if short were you like seeing &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; fake see breakouts again &gt;&gt; times &gt;&gt; rules created &gt;&gt; rules created &gt;&gt; rules created need a candle need a candle need a candle eye. saving small are these You all stops. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; are You Because not are you engaging. simply simply simply I NASDAQ uncommon told is that you not it will &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; gain. got now this it there do If down though, point session, this the at in would be it you interested or? still in &gt;&gt; It an &gt;&gt; It an &gt;&gt; It an but that to it I sacrifice means need time with and time with and time with and to because to to because to to because to trades. late for It's now me. really for I it, will to take I it will but bring break soon And even as this as possible. is set trades is set trades is set trades will then this And because do. yeah testing I even testing I even testing I even first and it big then reach volume if the if need it eyes u to uh or I close before of I before of I before of I care. &gt;&gt; Yeah &gt;&gt; need protected as I be soon just to as possible need protect but also my I to mental this mental this mental this that willing that willing that willing just additional per to 50 day make bucks or not do additional willing it I'm to because already position I in where am a money important and not me it's for 1,000 plus doesn't life. day my per change &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; can to where I when and So decide engage not For now to example, we engage. now are but I doing this will education day say enough. say enough. say enough. another I for day will the and wait explosion was is day. like the I this goal trader. can of If make every you money close even money close even money close even days model working. that is So your not for have reverting you min example, a day have day, and a you you trending close a you're even profit, break small great. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; trend &gt;&gt; trend &gt;&gt; trend &gt;&gt; waiting if &gt;&gt; waiting if &gt;&gt; waiting if down of I'm just curiosity sure out and there some might might who be be are thinking asking this this. or &gt;&gt; or &gt;&gt; or &gt;&gt; or &gt;&gt; stay If down we minute. come Uh one we to where off level rebounded that we &gt;&gt; this ah one yes &gt;&gt; will no like be doubt there people thinking &gt;&gt; not we &gt;&gt; not we &gt;&gt; not we execute that's execute that's execute that's give a right give a right give a right know about earlier talked slightly we it but would would like your your what what opinion be this on because setup that um here the that using logic is opposite I'm using run using one with is big lower rate. &gt;&gt; I to &gt;&gt; I to &gt;&gt; I to if NASDAQ if NASDAQ if NASDAQ seven of you get out if to times 10 try the will the will the will times 10 be times 10 be times 10 be you will huge you will huge you will huge reward trades. &gt;&gt; have days &gt;&gt; have days &gt;&gt; have days green days &gt;&gt; don't they're you when and know presented. &gt;&gt; is you like this for it If okay do volume because volume because volume because that are that are that are Just this it's Just this it's Just this it's me. you sides when big Like trade getting strict you 7 loss see days that - 5 it's 10,000 - heavy - 6 &gt;&gt; sleep heaviness &gt;&gt; sleep heaviness &gt;&gt; sleep heaviness me I before me I before me I before searching home know for run I the you was take it was take it was take it &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So of the this getting session. setup the positioning the positioning the positioning not not not This is This is This is &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; going and let revisit should to this people taking people taking people taking is money. you saving &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; if the here, and kept till Like we trade we not $250, didn't profit but only this we lose will $500. also &gt;&gt; you and &gt;&gt; you and &gt;&gt; you and demonstrate management demonstrate management demonstrate management not at level, important same more the &gt;&gt; in well with keep as was cuz mind that one if more, So, was contract. it &gt;&gt; was was it if more 7,500. was it it If 10 the the 10 the the 10 the the count. Now are Now are Now are &gt;&gt; if a &gt;&gt; if a &gt;&gt; if a to this to this to this &gt;&gt; and a because not it there If call day it's it's it's &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; to though. &gt;&gt; to though. &gt;&gt; to though. to even. to to even. to to even. to hours of &gt;&gt; Yeah. know. I &gt;&gt; think just day I will the Yeah. we close because consolidation it's rits. full &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; we'll later &gt;&gt; we'll later &gt;&gt; we'll later went. closed volume If the node it low and and and &gt;&gt; we'll screenshot Yeah. get or Yeah, a something sure. something sure. something sure. home, come end. home, come end. home, come end. comment biggest comment biggest comment biggest this you live Did the episode. enjoy trading so, in segment? drop the If it comments. people there the out Let know that to live they be trading need doing here as a Chartax Obviously, on well. massive to it out because shout Fabio takes It I, a wasn't you lot. planned. know, ask he know, ask he know, ask he do is such which and this incredible incredible and to skill get trading you see live true here a it what professional but a does what trader also true and professional strategy playbook looks Um for really. links like but Fabio in below be description will the so you out make check right sure that now. subscribe, Other hit like. Uh hit episodes screen. chaff on been are We've and time,