Kind: captions Language: en This guy is the best scalper in the This guy is the best scalper in the This guy is the best scalper in the world for the first time ever where he world for the first time ever where he world for the first time ever where he showcases the power of his strategy and showcases the power of his strategy and showcases the power of his strategy and breaks it down step by step. Freemon. breaks it down step by step. Freemon. breaks it down step by step. Freemon. You wait for this candle. You put the You wait for this candle. You put the You wait for this candle. You put the stop loss here. You target either. This stop loss here. You target either. This stop loss here. You target either. This is the main reason why a lot of traders is the main reason why a lot of traders is the main reason why a lot of traders use money. They try to anticipate what use money. They try to anticipate what use money. They try to anticipate what the market is doing before the market the market is doing before the market the market is doing before the market does it. People call this manipulation. does it. People call this manipulation. does it. People call this manipulation. They try to break out and they fail. They try to break out and they fail. They try to break out and they fail. This is the reason we will get here. You This is the reason we will get here. You This is the reason we will get here. You finally will see a trader break down finally will see a trader break down finally will see a trader break down candle by candle exactly what he thinks candle by candle exactly what he thinks candle by candle exactly what he thinks is going to happen live during New York is going to happen live during New York is going to happen live during New York session. session. session. &gt;&gt; We are getting ready for the squeeze. &gt;&gt; We are getting ready for the squeeze. &gt;&gt; We are getting ready for the squeeze. The squeeze will be present here. Look, The squeeze will be present here. Look, The squeeze will be present here. Look, &gt;&gt; there you have it. &gt;&gt; there you have it. &gt;&gt; there you have it. &gt;&gt; When I told you I will scale out, it's &gt;&gt; When I told you I will scale out, it's &gt;&gt; When I told you I will scale out, it's exactly because when you see this, the exactly because when you see this, the exactly because when you see this, the next step is aggressive sellers. next step is aggressive sellers. next step is aggressive sellers. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; you you coded the algorithm. This is a &gt;&gt; you you coded the algorithm. This is a &gt;&gt; you you coded the algorithm. This is a top 1% trader showcasing his strategy top 1% trader showcasing his strategy top 1% trader showcasing his strategy for free for free for free &gt;&gt; to give to the audience a little bit of &gt;&gt; to give to the audience a little bit of &gt;&gt; to give to the audience a little bit of reference. You can either do 15 minutes, reference. You can either do 15 minutes, reference. You can either do 15 minutes, 3 minutes, you can do 1 hour 5 minutes 3 minutes, you can do 1 hour 5 minutes 3 minutes, you can do 1 hour 5 minutes or you can do the most aggressive one. or you can do the most aggressive one. or you can do the most aggressive one. That is what I do. The setup that we That is what I do. The setup that we That is what I do. The setup that we took before is exactly what I will took before is exactly what I will took before is exactly what I will execute in the world trading cup. How I execute in the world trading cup. How I execute in the world trading cup. How I did this performance in the world did this performance in the world did this performance in the world trading cup is building profit for the trading cup is building profit for the trading cup is building profit for the day, building profit for the day, day, building profit for the day, day, building profit for the day, building profit for the day. And in building profit for the day. And in building profit for the day. And in directional days, I risk for example, directional days, I risk for example, directional days, I risk for example, &gt;&gt; Fabio Valentino. You've never seen &gt;&gt; Fabio Valentino. You've never seen &gt;&gt; Fabio Valentino. You've never seen anything like it. It will blow you away. anything like it. It will blow you away. anything like it. It will blow you away. Make sure you tune in to this episode of Make sure you tune in to this episode of Make sure you tune in to this episode of Chart Fanatics. Welcome everyone back to Chart Fanatics. Welcome everyone back to Chart Fanatics. Welcome everyone back to Chart Fanatics, the go-to channel for Chart Fanatics, the go-to channel for Chart Fanatics, the go-to channel for all of the very best trading strategies all of the very best trading strategies all of the very best trading strategies and concept breakdowns with the very and concept breakdowns with the very and concept breakdowns with the very best traders in the world. Talking of best traders in the world. Talking of best traders in the world. Talking of which, today we have a worldclass which, today we have a worldclass which, today we have a worldclass scalper with us, a future scalper at scalper with us, a future scalper at scalper with us, a future scalper at that. He has been in the top three in that. He has been in the top three in that. He has been in the top three in the world rankings of the Robins Club, the world rankings of the Robins Club, the world rankings of the Robins Club, actually achieving in a 12-month period actually achieving in a 12-month period actually achieving in a 12-month period over 500% return. And that is in the over 500% return. And that is in the over 500% return. And that is in the futures division as well. You probably futures division as well. You probably futures division as well. You probably already know who it is. If you don't already know who it is. If you don't already know who it is. If you don't know, you're going to get to know. We're know, you're going to get to know. We're know, you're going to get to know. We're going to go through his exact strategy going to go through his exact strategy going to go through his exact strategy that he used to be able to achieve those that he used to be able to achieve those that he used to be able to achieve those incredible results on the world stage. incredible results on the world stage. incredible results on the world stage. is the one and only Fabia Valentina. is the one and only Fabia Valentina. is the one and only Fabia Valentina. &gt;&gt; Thank you for asking me Ritz. And uh &gt;&gt; Thank you for asking me Ritz. And uh &gt;&gt; Thank you for asking me Ritz. And uh today we will go deep dive in the model today we will go deep dive in the model today we will go deep dive in the model that I used in the world champion. I that I used in the world champion. I that I used in the world champion. I made some videos about it but I keep the made some videos about it but I keep the made some videos about it but I keep the source for this this podcast and um source for this this podcast and um source for this this podcast and um before starting to explain how the model before starting to explain how the model before starting to explain how the model works we need to explain what's the works we need to explain what's the works we need to explain what's the misconception about market structure in misconception about market structure in misconception about market structure in the market. So I will just start drawing the market. So I will just start drawing the market. So I will just start drawing it and explain what 90% of traders do it and explain what 90% of traders do it and explain what 90% of traders do and why 90% of traders lose money. So and why 90% of traders lose money. So and why 90% of traders lose money. So let's start with let's start with let's start with &gt;&gt; I think that'll be helpful. &gt;&gt; I think that'll be helpful. &gt;&gt; I think that'll be helpful. &gt;&gt; The concept of the market structure &gt;&gt; The concept of the market structure &gt;&gt; The concept of the market structure that's what usually a lot of traders do that's what usually a lot of traders do that's what usually a lot of traders do and you can confirm it. This is what and you can confirm it. This is what and you can confirm it. This is what usually it's done uh watching a market usually it's done uh watching a market usually it's done uh watching a market structure shift or change of character structure shift or change of character structure shift or change of character or breakout. There are 100 terms that or breakout. There are 100 terms that or breakout. There are 100 terms that you can use for it. you can use for it. you can use for it. &gt;&gt; And uh what they try to do is they try &gt;&gt; And uh what they try to do is they try &gt;&gt; And uh what they try to do is they try to go trend following when pattern like to go trend following when pattern like to go trend following when pattern like this presents and then they can just this presents and then they can just this presents and then they can just wait for the uh retracement to jump in wait for the uh retracement to jump in wait for the uh retracement to jump in just going through considering we are in just going through considering we are in just going through considering we are in a short sentiment here like using the a short sentiment here like using the a short sentiment here like using the concept of supply or order block if you concept of supply or order block if you concept of supply or order block if you want to be more fancy following the algo want to be more fancy following the algo want to be more fancy following the algo uh mitigation level and continue to go uh mitigation level and continue to go uh mitigation level and continue to go down. Now what I tested in a lot of down. Now what I tested in a lot of down. Now what I tested in a lot of years of experience is that this pattern years of experience is that this pattern years of experience is that this pattern usually doesn't work if you don't frame usually doesn't work if you don't frame usually doesn't work if you don't frame it in the correct uh concept and to it in the correct uh concept and to it in the correct uh concept and to frame it in the correct concept you need frame it in the correct concept you need frame it in the correct concept you need to start using to start using to start using something that is necessary that is the something that is necessary that is the something that is necessary that is the profile. So you need to understand profile. So you need to understand profile. So you need to understand exactly where you are in the market and exactly where you are in the market and exactly where you are in the market and what's the big picture that you are what's the big picture that you are what's the big picture that you are watching because if this pattern is watching because if this pattern is watching because if this pattern is presented when presented when presented when the bell curve of the distribution of the bell curve of the distribution of the bell curve of the distribution of the day is like this you are exactly the day is like this you are exactly the day is like this you are exactly jumping jumping jumping on a trend to go against on a trend to go against on a trend to go against the lower distribution of the volume. M the lower distribution of the volume. M the lower distribution of the volume. M &gt;&gt; and what this says statistically is that &gt;&gt; and what this says statistically is that &gt;&gt; and what this says statistically is that only 30% only 30% only 30% will go through the rest will remain in will go through the rest will remain in will go through the rest will remain in what it's called the fair value area. So what it's called the fair value area. So what it's called the fair value area. So you will just keep getting stopped out you will just keep getting stopped out you will just keep getting stopped out till the market really uh decide to take till the market really uh decide to take till the market really uh decide to take off. And this is the reason a lot of off. And this is the reason a lot of off. And this is the reason a lot of traders that try to embark on a journey traders that try to embark on a journey traders that try to embark on a journey of using trend following strategies they of using trend following strategies they of using trend following strategies they understand really soon that uh the win understand really soon that uh the win understand really soon that uh the win rate is not what they were expecting rate is not what they were expecting rate is not what they were expecting like 70 80%. when they try to target for like 70 80%. when they try to target for like 70 80%. when they try to target for example this level from here and they example this level from here and they example this level from here and they say okay I will just have 50% 60% we say okay I will just have 50% 60% we say okay I will just have 50% 60% we rate 1 to three rate 1 to three rate 1 to three &gt;&gt; this is not real because you are not you &gt;&gt; this is not real because you are not you &gt;&gt; this is not real because you are not you are not reading what the market is are not reading what the market is are not reading what the market is saying you are trying to predict the saying you are trying to predict the saying you are trying to predict the market market market &gt;&gt; okay &gt;&gt; okay &gt;&gt; okay &gt;&gt; now the good point about order flow and &gt;&gt; now the good point about order flow and &gt;&gt; now the good point about order flow and about volume analysis in general is that about volume analysis in general is that about volume analysis in general is that you get the knowledge to understand when you get the knowledge to understand when you get the knowledge to understand when to stay away because if the same pattern to stay away because if the same pattern to stay away because if the same pattern is presented is presented is presented in this area it's a completely different in this area it's a completely different in this area it's a completely different situation to explain you this we need to situation to explain you this we need to situation to explain you this we need to go to AMT AMT is uh the real nature of go to AMT AMT is uh the real nature of go to AMT AMT is uh the real nature of the market and is the concept of auction the market and is the concept of auction the market and is the concept of auction market theory market is an auction and market theory market is an auction and market theory market is an auction and it goes from balanced area where it goes from balanced area where it goes from balanced area where &gt;&gt; all market participants are &gt;&gt; all market participants are &gt;&gt; all market participants are transactioning efficiently to imbalance transactioning efficiently to imbalance transactioning efficiently to imbalance Now market is not usually in in Now market is not usually in in Now market is not usually in in imbalance. It's usually in balance. So imbalance. It's usually in balance. So imbalance. It's usually in balance. So that's the reason why traders that start that's the reason why traders that start that's the reason why traders that start take you streak of stop-loss because take you streak of stop-loss because take you streak of stop-loss because they try to get the long and they get they try to get the long and they get they try to get the long and they get liquidated by you can call what you liquidated by you can call what you liquidated by you can call what you want. You can call spring, you can call want. You can call spring, you can call want. You can call spring, you can call liquidation, you can call uh liquidity liquidation, you can call uh liquidity liquidation, you can call uh liquidity seeking everything you want even if it's seeking everything you want even if it's seeking everything you want even if it's not what happens behind the curtains but not what happens behind the curtains but not what happens behind the curtains but you try to get the last spring. M you try to get the last spring. M you try to get the last spring. M &gt;&gt; before the move up and you notice that &gt;&gt; before the move up and you notice that &gt;&gt; before the move up and you notice that this 1 to 10 becomes a 1 to2 because you this 1 to 10 becomes a 1 to2 because you this 1 to 10 becomes a 1 to2 because you take four stop to try to do it. Yeah. take four stop to try to do it. Yeah. take four stop to try to do it. Yeah. Now if you do this simple change and you Now if you do this simple change and you Now if you do this simple change and you wait for the market to get to a wait for the market to get to a wait for the market to get to a condition of out of balance your win condition of out of balance your win condition of out of balance your win rate will rate will rate will &gt;&gt; jump up by at least 20 to 30%. And this &gt;&gt; jump up by at least 20 to 30%. And this &gt;&gt; jump up by at least 20 to 30%. And this is exactly the building point of the is exactly the building point of the is exactly the building point of the model that I use. Why I call it a model model that I use. Why I call it a model model that I use. Why I call it a model and not a strategy? Because the concept and not a strategy? Because the concept and not a strategy? Because the concept of strategy is a group of rules that you of strategy is a group of rules that you of strategy is a group of rules that you need to follow strictly. And how can you need to follow strictly. And how can you need to follow strictly. And how can you follow a group of rules strictly without follow a group of rules strictly without follow a group of rules strictly without understanding the narrative if the understanding the narrative if the understanding the narrative if the market is a dynamic entity? It's like market is a dynamic entity? It's like market is a dynamic entity? It's like trying to cage an animal that is not trying to cage an animal that is not trying to cage an animal that is not made to be in a cage. And it change made to be in a cage. And it change made to be in a cage. And it change every day. It adapts. For example, every day. It adapts. For example, every day. It adapts. For example, yesterday there was this situation about yesterday there was this situation about yesterday there was this situation about America bombing Iran. we open with a gap America bombing Iran. we open with a gap America bombing Iran. we open with a gap down really heavy. You cannot expect down really heavy. You cannot expect down really heavy. You cannot expect that the market today will behave as that the market today will behave as that the market today will behave as Friday. You will have a different Friday. You will have a different Friday. You will have a different behavior. Now what it's helping you is behavior. Now what it's helping you is behavior. Now what it's helping you is understanding how you can use the understanding how you can use the understanding how you can use the profile to exactly time your entry and profile to exactly time your entry and profile to exactly time your entry and your area. So this is the step one of your area. So this is the step one of your area. So this is the step one of the model the model the model and is understanding the location. The and is understanding the location. The and is understanding the location. The location is when you can efficiently location is when you can efficiently location is when you can efficiently trade when you are out of balance. So trade when you are out of balance. So trade when you are out of balance. So your model is your model is your model is okay to be traded. You start to see what okay to be traded. You start to see what okay to be traded. You start to see what all the traders are using. So you start all the traders are using. So you start all the traders are using. So you start to see the market structure and you to see the market structure and you to see the market structure and you start to validate which area can be used start to validate which area can be used start to validate which area can be used to jump on trade. to jump on trade. to jump on trade. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. So now it comes handy to use &gt;&gt; Okay. So now it comes handy to use &gt;&gt; Okay. So now it comes handy to use supply and demand zones and it comes supply and demand zones and it comes supply and demand zones and it comes handy to understand inefficiency. handy to understand inefficiency. handy to understand inefficiency. Now inefficiency if we can talk about it Now inefficiency if we can talk about it Now inefficiency if we can talk about it uh is misconcepted. nowadays because it uh is misconcepted. nowadays because it uh is misconcepted. nowadays because it used the term fair value gap. used the term fair value gap. used the term fair value gap. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But what happened really behind the &gt;&gt; But what happened really behind the &gt;&gt; But what happened really behind the curtains in uh the concept of curtains in uh the concept of curtains in uh the concept of inefficiency is when one part is more inefficiency is when one part is more inefficiency is when one part is more aggressive than the other. aggressive than the other. aggressive than the other. &gt;&gt; So the market gets really momentum in &gt;&gt; So the market gets really momentum in &gt;&gt; So the market gets really momentum in one direction and this is if you think one direction and this is if you think one direction and this is if you think about it is the best moment to transact about it is the best moment to transact about it is the best moment to transact because the market is telling you this because the market is telling you this because the market is telling you this and this is not and this is not and this is not &gt;&gt; my personal opinion or your personal &gt;&gt; my personal opinion or your personal &gt;&gt; my personal opinion or your personal opinion. What the market is telling us opinion. What the market is telling us opinion. What the market is telling us look I'm out of balance. Mhm. look I'm out of balance. Mhm. look I'm out of balance. Mhm. &gt;&gt; I'm searching for a new level of balance &gt;&gt; I'm searching for a new level of balance &gt;&gt; I'm searching for a new level of balance that will be down. So it it can be here, that will be down. So it it can be here, that will be down. So it it can be here, it can be here, it can be here, but I'm it can be here, it can be here, but I'm it can be here, it can be here, but I'm telling you that I will go there. Okay. telling you that I will go there. Okay. telling you that I will go there. Okay. &gt;&gt; At the same time is telling you that the &gt;&gt; At the same time is telling you that the &gt;&gt; At the same time is telling you that the sellers are more aggressive than buyers sellers are more aggressive than buyers sellers are more aggressive than buyers because you are getting this kind of because you are getting this kind of because you are getting this kind of concept. And that's when you go to step concept. And that's when you go to step concept. And that's when you go to step two. Step two is the concept of two. Step two is the concept of two. Step two is the concept of validating validating validating the level. the level. the level. &gt;&gt; Mhm. Because now you have the direction, &gt;&gt; Mhm. Because now you have the direction, &gt;&gt; Mhm. Because now you have the direction, you have the condition of the market, you have the condition of the market, you have the condition of the market, the market status and you have three the market status and you have three the market status and you have three possible takeprofit that you can frame possible takeprofit that you can frame possible takeprofit that you can frame by watching at the other area. Now it by watching at the other area. Now it by watching at the other area. Now it comes handy a concept called comes handy a concept called comes handy a concept called order flow that is not a concept but order flow that is not a concept but order flow that is not a concept but it's like an alphabet a new way of it's like an alphabet a new way of it's like an alphabet a new way of reading the market. reading the market. reading the market. &gt;&gt; So 90% of the trader try to understand &gt;&gt; So 90% of the trader try to understand &gt;&gt; So 90% of the trader try to understand what is happening inside a candle using what is happening inside a candle using what is happening inside a candle using multi-time frame analysis. Yeah, multi-time frame analysis. Yeah, multi-time frame analysis. Yeah, &gt;&gt; I think the real inefficiency is the way &gt;&gt; I think the real inefficiency is the way &gt;&gt; I think the real inefficiency is the way trader analyze the market trader analyze the market trader analyze the market &gt;&gt; because it's like trying to get &gt;&gt; the bullseye &gt;&gt; the bullseye &gt;&gt; the bullseye &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; blinded. &gt;&gt; blinded. &gt;&gt; blinded. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Like maybe one time it will work, two &gt;&gt; Like maybe one time it will work, two &gt;&gt; Like maybe one time it will work, two times it will work, but you don't have times it will work, but you don't have times it will work, but you don't have exact data about the location. Yeah. exact data about the location. Yeah. exact data about the location. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So what you can do is that you can use &gt;&gt; So what you can do is that you can use &gt;&gt; So what you can do is that you can use this area that create the breakouts and this area that create the breakouts and this area that create the breakouts and let's consider that I make an arrow here let's consider that I make an arrow here let's consider that I make an arrow here and we zoom out. what is happening and we zoom out. what is happening and we zoom out. what is happening exactly inside here. Okay. So if this is exactly inside here. Okay. So if this is exactly inside here. Okay. So if this is the swing point that break this low the swing point that break this low the swing point that break this low traders will just watch for what is traders will just watch for what is traders will just watch for what is called fair value gap or inefficiency called fair value gap or inefficiency called fair value gap or inefficiency that is when the candle is not that is when the candle is not that is when the candle is not transaction efficiently. What you can do transaction efficiently. What you can do transaction efficiently. What you can do is that you can use from point A to is that you can use from point A to is that you can use from point A to point B point B point B using profile using profile using profile &gt;&gt; to watch exactly when there are low &gt;&gt; to watch exactly when there are low &gt;&gt; to watch exactly when there are low volume node. volume node. volume node. &gt;&gt; Yes. And I know this because I saw the &gt;&gt; Yes. And I know this because I saw the &gt;&gt; Yes. And I know this because I saw the other interview that you have made and I other interview that you have made and I other interview that you have made and I really like the model also of Carmen really like the model also of Carmen really like the model also of Carmen Rosato. I think he's a really good order Rosato. I think he's a really good order Rosato. I think he's a really good order flow trader and is doing something flow trader and is doing something flow trader and is doing something really similar to what am I doing really similar to what am I doing really similar to what am I doing because low volume node it's a really because low volume node it's a really because low volume node it's a really good reaction level. good reaction level. good reaction level. &gt;&gt; So you can use it as a continuation. If &gt;&gt; So you can use it as a continuation. If &gt;&gt; So you can use it as a continuation. If we have a low volume node here the we have a low volume node here the we have a low volume node here the probability that we will go down is probability that we will go down is probability that we will go down is really high. really high. really high. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So you start to add the concept of &gt;&gt; So you start to add the concept of &gt;&gt; So you start to add the concept of refinement. refinement. refinement. &gt;&gt; Mhm. You have the direction, you have &gt;&gt; Mhm. You have the direction, you have &gt;&gt; Mhm. You have the direction, you have the location, you have the refinement of the location, you have the refinement of the location, you have the refinement of the location. Now you need the step the location. Now you need the step the location. Now you need the step three. The step three is a little bit more The step three is a little bit more The step three is a little bit more difficult because it's the part where difficult because it's the part where difficult because it's the part where you really need the experience and you you really need the experience and you you really need the experience and you cannot just automate it and say okay cannot just automate it and say okay cannot just automate it and say okay when it's happening because it's really when it's happening because it's really when it's happening because it's really sensitive to market. What I use is sensitive to market. What I use is sensitive to market. What I use is analyzing big orders. So when there is analyzing big orders. So when there is analyzing big orders. So when there is in one specific point let's say here a in one specific point let's say here a in one specific point let's say here a lot of aggression. lot of aggression. lot of aggression. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Okay. And in order flow platform &gt;&gt; Okay. And in order flow platform &gt;&gt; Okay. And in order flow platform typically you see bubbles. typically you see bubbles. typically you see bubbles. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. If you use any platform you can &gt;&gt; Okay. If you use any platform you can &gt;&gt; Okay. If you use any platform you can see bubbles. see bubbles. see bubbles. &gt;&gt; When there is direction location and &gt;&gt; When there is direction location and &gt;&gt; When there is direction location and aggression aggression aggression your ability to predict is zero but your your ability to predict is zero but your your ability to predict is zero but your ability to read is 100. You are exactly ability to read is 100. You are exactly ability to read is 100. You are exactly tuning in in the market at the correct tuning in in the market at the correct tuning in in the market at the correct moment and you are not predicting what moment and you are not predicting what moment and you are not predicting what is going to do. You are waiting. So this is going to do. You are waiting. So this is going to do. You are waiting. So this is really beneficial because when you is really beneficial because when you is really beneficial because when you see aggression you don't have a huge see aggression you don't have a huge see aggression you don't have a huge stop loss for example out of balance. stop loss for example out of balance. stop loss for example out of balance. You don't have a huge stop loss above You don't have a huge stop loss above You don't have a huge stop loss above the high but you can get protected the high but you can get protected the high but you can get protected exactly above the big sell aggression. exactly above the big sell aggression. exactly above the big sell aggression. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So your risk-to-reward rate it's &gt;&gt; Yeah. So your risk-to-reward rate it's &gt;&gt; Yeah. So your risk-to-reward rate it's really big but at the same time the really big but at the same time the really big but at the same time the probability of your trades is really probability of your trades is really probability of your trades is really really big also this one what you are really big also this one what you are really big also this one what you are doing if we can make an example is just doing if we can make an example is just doing if we can make an example is just swimming on the direction of the flow. swimming on the direction of the flow. swimming on the direction of the flow. &gt;&gt; Yeah &gt;&gt; Yeah &gt;&gt; Yeah &gt;&gt; because you are being pulled down by the &gt;&gt; because you are being pulled down by the &gt;&gt; because you are being pulled down by the market aggression and also by all the market aggression and also by all the market aggression and also by all the traders that were long and when this traders that were long and when this traders that were long and when this area breaks will close their position. area breaks will close their position. area breaks will close their position. So you get the catalyst down, you get So you get the catalyst down, you get So you get the catalyst down, you get the location of the aggression of the the location of the aggression of the the location of the aggression of the cell and you get also the target point cell and you get also the target point cell and you get also the target point that can be based. We will see this on that can be based. We will see this on that can be based. We will see this on chart directly on the previous balance chart directly on the previous balance chart directly on the previous balance area. Yeah, because how the market area. Yeah, because how the market area. Yeah, because how the market moves. moves. moves. Let's remove this part here. But how the Let's remove this part here. But how the Let's remove this part here. But how the market moves is that is seeking market moves is that is seeking market moves is that is seeking balance. Mhm. balance. Mhm. balance. Mhm. &gt;&gt; So if you go out of here and the &gt;&gt; So if you go out of here and the &gt;&gt; So if you go out of here and the previous balance area was this one where previous balance area was this one where previous balance area was this one where your P point of control, your P point of control, your P point of control, &gt;&gt; the previous point where the majority of &gt;&gt; the previous point where the majority of &gt;&gt; the previous point where the majority of the volume was located, it's here. The the volume was located, it's here. The the volume was located, it's here. The probability that when you go this probability that when you go this probability that when you go this pattern and you enter here, let's say, pattern and you enter here, let's say, pattern and you enter here, let's say, you don't need to break your mind to you don't need to break your mind to you don't need to break your mind to understand where you can put your understand where you can put your understand where you can put your target. Maybe I can try 1 to 30. And target. Maybe I can try 1 to 30. And target. Maybe I can try 1 to 30. And this is another error. Traders think this is another error. Traders think this is another error. Traders think that that that the risk to reward is not influencing we the risk to reward is not influencing we the risk to reward is not influencing we rate. rate. rate. &gt;&gt; The more you seek to go above the AT &gt;&gt; The more you seek to go above the AT &gt;&gt; The more you seek to go above the AT daily, the more the probability will get daily, the more the probability will get daily, the more the probability will get lower. Hey guys, I hope you're enjoying lower. Hey guys, I hope you're enjoying lower. Hey guys, I hope you're enjoying this episode so far. And don't forget, this episode so far. And don't forget, this episode so far. And don't forget, we send every single strategy breakdown we send every single strategy breakdown we send every single strategy breakdown from every episode for free on from every episode for free on from every episode for free on chartanatics.com. So the link for that chartanatics.com. So the link for that chartanatics.com. So the link for that is in the description below. So just is in the description below. So just is in the description below. So just make sure you click that. You just put make sure you click that. You just put make sure you click that. You just put your email in and every single week we your email in and every single week we your email in and every single week we will send you an up-to-date PDF strategy will send you an up-to-date PDF strategy will send you an up-to-date PDF strategy breakdown for you to keep, to learn breakdown for you to keep, to learn breakdown for you to keep, to learn from, to reference for free. And don't from, to reference for free. And don't from, to reference for free. And don't forget, we're also launching Chart forget, we're also launching Chart forget, we're also launching Chart Fanatics Live where your favorite Fanatics Live where your favorite Fanatics Live where your favorite traders from Chart Fanatics will be live traders from Chart Fanatics will be live traders from Chart Fanatics will be live trading every single day. I will also be trading every single day. I will also be trading every single day. I will also be including special guests on the live including special guests on the live including special guests on the live Chart fanatics edition. So, make sure Chart fanatics edition. So, make sure Chart fanatics edition. So, make sure you go subscribe to that YouTube channel you go subscribe to that YouTube channel you go subscribe to that YouTube channel right now. is linked on the main profile right now. is linked on the main profile right now. is linked on the main profile of Chart Fanatics. So, make sure you're of Chart Fanatics. So, make sure you're of Chart Fanatics. So, make sure you're ready for that. Up to 6 million in ready for that. Up to 6 million in ready for that. Up to 6 million in futures funding. That's only possible at futures funding. That's only possible at futures funding. That's only possible at one place, Apex Trader Funding. You can one place, Apex Trader Funding. You can one place, Apex Trader Funding. You can get up to 20 accounts at Apex. No other get up to 20 accounts at Apex. No other get up to 20 accounts at Apex. No other futures firm offers anything even close. futures firm offers anything even close. futures firm offers anything even close. And that is why Apex pays out the most And that is why Apex pays out the most And that is why Apex pays out the most out of any futures firm. Already have out of any futures firm. Already have out of any futures firm. Already have paid out over half a billion dollars. paid out over half a billion dollars. paid out over half a billion dollars. Half a billion dollars so far to traders Half a billion dollars so far to traders Half a billion dollars so far to traders just like you. across the world. They're just like you. across the world. They're just like you. across the world. They're no stranger to the podcast or chart no stranger to the podcast or chart no stranger to the podcast or chart fanatics. We've had some of the record fanatics. We've had some of the record fanatics. We've had some of the record holders of largest payouts in prop firm holders of largest payouts in prop firm holders of largest payouts in prop firm history. Obviously, only through Apex history. Obviously, only through Apex history. Obviously, only through Apex with Trader Kane, who did over $1.9 with Trader Kane, who did over $1.9 with Trader Kane, who did over $1.9 million in a single payout, and Jadecap, million in a single payout, and Jadecap, million in a single payout, and Jadecap, who's also done over $2.3 million in a who's also done over $2.3 million in a who's also done over $2.3 million in a single payout at Apex. Not only can you single payout at Apex. Not only can you single payout at Apex. Not only can you get up to 20 accounts, but also it's get up to 20 accounts, but also it's get up to 20 accounts, but also it's only a one-phase evaluation. There's no only a one-phase evaluation. There's no only a one-phase evaluation. There's no daily draw down. Up to $25,000 daily draw down. Up to $25,000 daily draw down. Up to $25,000 of each payout is 100% yours to keep and of each payout is 100% yours to keep and of each payout is 100% yours to keep and 90% profit split thereafter. And most of 90% profit split thereafter. And most of 90% profit split thereafter. And most of all, there's no profit cap. Now, don't all, there's no profit cap. Now, don't all, there's no profit cap. Now, don't forget, you can get a payout at Apex forget, you can get a payout at Apex forget, you can get a payout at Apex every 8 days. So, you can get either every 8 days. So, you can get either every 8 days. So, you can get either their 25K account all the way up to their 25K account all the way up to their 25K account all the way up to their 300K account and you can get up to their 300K account and you can get up to their 300K account and you can get up to 20 accounts. Now, make sure when you're 20 accounts. Now, make sure when you're 20 accounts. Now, make sure when you're getting an account at Apex, you use the getting an account at Apex, you use the getting an account at Apex, you use the code CF for up to 90% off at Apex Trader code CF for up to 90% off at Apex Trader code CF for up to 90% off at Apex Trader Funding. The link is in the description Funding. The link is in the description Funding. The link is in the description below. Use the code CF. Get up to 6 below. Use the code CF. Get up to 6 below. Use the code CF. Get up to 6 million in futures funding today. Now, million in futures funding today. Now, million in futures funding today. Now, let's get back to the episode. So, with let's get back to the episode. So, with let's get back to the episode. So, with this model, it's really uncommon that this model, it's really uncommon that this model, it's really uncommon that the market will snap back inside because the market will snap back inside because the market will snap back inside because when you see aggression and out of when you see aggression and out of when you see aggression and out of balance, the market needs to search for balance, the market needs to search for balance, the market needs to search for new balance. new balance. new balance. &gt;&gt; It's like human being. When we are in a &gt;&gt; It's like human being. When we are in a &gt;&gt; It's like human being. When we are in a condition of fear, our heart continue to condition of fear, our heart continue to condition of fear, our heart continue to have takia till we don't get back to have takia till we don't get back to have takia till we don't get back to calm. Yeah. calm. Yeah. calm. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And we say okay now we are stable. Okay. &gt;&gt; And we say okay now we are stable. Okay. &gt;&gt; And we say okay now we are stable. Okay. &gt;&gt; This is exactly what the market is &gt;&gt; This is exactly what the market is &gt;&gt; This is exactly what the market is doing. So the step three is getting a doing. So the step three is getting a doing. So the step three is getting a location for aggression. So that the location for aggression. So that the location for aggression. So that the trigger of the uh model is aggression trigger of the uh model is aggression trigger of the uh model is aggression and that target point. The target point and that target point. The target point and that target point. The target point also is really objective and I noticed also is really objective and I noticed also is really objective and I noticed during this year and also scalping during this year and also scalping during this year and also scalping during the um world cup champion that we during the um world cup champion that we during the um world cup champion that we can also get a window during the day can also get a window during the day can also get a window during the day where this model works really good. where this model works really good. where this model works really good. Yeah. Okay. So the best session to use Yeah. Okay. So the best session to use Yeah. Okay. So the best session to use this model it's 100% New York session this model it's 100% New York session this model it's 100% New York session specifically for equities. So for NASDAQ specifically for equities. So for NASDAQ specifically for equities. So for NASDAQ and uh for uh yes and uh is not working and uh for uh yes and uh is not working and uh for uh yes and uh is not working properly during the first hour of London properly during the first hour of London properly during the first hour of London session. I try to use this model and session. I try to use this model and session. I try to use this model and during London session during London session during London session &gt;&gt; you see out of balance back inside &gt;&gt; you see out of balance back inside &gt;&gt; you see out of balance back inside balance out of balance back inside balance out of balance back inside balance out of balance back inside balance. This is called by traders fake balance. This is called by traders fake balance. This is called by traders fake outs. Yeah. And it's usually when the outs. Yeah. And it's usually when the outs. Yeah. And it's usually when the market is not market is not market is not &gt;&gt; um really clear about direction. So um &gt;&gt; um really clear about direction. So um &gt;&gt; um really clear about direction. So um one one one concept that I use to remove this is concept that I use to remove this is concept that I use to remove this is that I don't trade before New York that I don't trade before New York that I don't trade before New York session. I only trade before New York session. I only trade before New York session. I only trade before New York session in the world cup but with a mean session in the world cup but with a mean session in the world cup but with a mean reverting model. reverting model. reverting model. &gt;&gt; Okay. So I was doing the opposite and we &gt;&gt; Okay. So I was doing the opposite and we &gt;&gt; Okay. So I was doing the opposite and we can go also through it because it's can go also through it because it's can go also through it because it's extremely profitable and it's even extremely profitable and it's even extremely profitable and it's even easier to implement this one and the easier to implement this one and the easier to implement this one and the following one. So let's say that in a balanced market So let's say that in a balanced market So let's say that in a balanced market from the statistical perspective during from the statistical perspective during from the statistical perspective during the London session usually in indices the London session usually in indices the London session usually in indices you have mean reverting behavior. Okay. you have mean reverting behavior. Okay. you have mean reverting behavior. Okay. So it's less common that you will see a So it's less common that you will see a So it's less common that you will see a trend. trend. trend. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You will see bouncing and going &gt;&gt; Yeah. You will see bouncing and going &gt;&gt; Yeah. You will see bouncing and going out. So one other model that I uh am out. So one other model that I uh am out. So one other model that I uh am using is the one that takes opportunity using is the one that takes opportunity using is the one that takes opportunity of when the market is deep discount of when the market is deep discount of when the market is deep discount based on the volume distribution and based on the volume distribution and based on the volume distribution and misnaps back in. Now it's the same misnaps back in. Now it's the same misnaps back in. Now it's the same concept. It's the opposite. Now we are concept. It's the opposite. Now we are concept. It's the opposite. Now we are seeking for buy. We have a target. Why seeking for buy. We have a target. Why seeking for buy. We have a target. Why we are using this target? Because this we are using this target? Because this we are using this target? Because this target is where the maximum volume target is where the maximum volume target is where the maximum volume volume is transacted. So there is volume is transacted. So there is volume is transacted. So there is interest like market operators are interest like market operators are interest like market operators are willing to transact here. willing to transact here. willing to transact here. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; What I do in this area is that I don't &gt;&gt; What I do in this area is that I don't &gt;&gt; What I do in this area is that I don't take the first movement. I wait I wait take the first movement. I wait I wait take the first movement. I wait I wait for the first breakout. You can use for the first breakout. You can use for the first breakout. You can use price action for this because I get price action for this because I get price action for this because I get clear market participants of what they clear market participants of what they clear market participants of what they want to do. I don't risk that this is want to do. I don't risk that this is want to do. I don't risk that this is only a retracement and then they only a retracement and then they only a retracement and then they collapse. collapse. collapse. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah, I get a movement that is &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah, I get a movement that is &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah, I get a movement that is clear when I get the first breakout and clear when I get the first breakout and clear when I get the first breakout and I'm back inside the balance. I'm back inside the balance. I'm back inside the balance. This probability is really high. This probability is really high. This probability is really high. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; This really high probability. Now to &gt;&gt; This really high probability. Now to &gt;&gt; This really high probability. Now to increase even more the probability, I increase even more the probability, I increase even more the probability, I wait for the hand of the big market wait for the hand of the big market wait for the hand of the big market participants. So I wait for big trades. participants. So I wait for big trades. participants. So I wait for big trades. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So the common bubble of buy order that I &gt;&gt; So the common bubble of buy order that I &gt;&gt; So the common bubble of buy order that I can just say, okay, I jump in with them. can just say, okay, I jump in with them. can just say, okay, I jump in with them. &gt;&gt; I don't need to be a wizard. I jump in &gt;&gt; I don't need to be a wizard. I jump in &gt;&gt; I don't need to be a wizard. I jump in when the best one are jumping in with when the best one are jumping in with when the best one are jumping in with big volume big volume big volume &gt;&gt; and if I'm wrong, I want to be wrong &gt;&gt; and if I'm wrong, I want to be wrong &gt;&gt; and if I'm wrong, I want to be wrong immediately. immediately. immediately. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because &gt;&gt; Because &gt;&gt; Because &gt;&gt; all the additional losing that you get &gt;&gt; all the additional losing that you get &gt;&gt; all the additional losing that you get when you are inexperienced trader and when you are inexperienced trader and when you are inexperienced trader and say maybe I put the stop loss larger say maybe I put the stop loss larger say maybe I put the stop loss larger when the market is going against you when the market is going against you when the market is going against you because I will it will snap back. This because I will it will snap back. This because I will it will snap back. This is really something that will destroy is really something that will destroy is really something that will destroy your bank account and your trading your bank account and your trading your bank account and your trading account. What you need to do is be wrong account. What you need to do is be wrong account. What you need to do is be wrong immediately and when you are right when immediately and when you are right when immediately and when you are right when you see that you get an additional you see that you get an additional you see that you get an additional breakout immediately stop to break even. breakout immediately stop to break even. breakout immediately stop to break even. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So after this small movement you are &gt;&gt; So after this small movement you are &gt;&gt; So after this small movement you are already risk free on already risk free on already risk free on &gt;&gt; you quite aggressive with your risk &gt;&gt; you quite aggressive with your risk &gt;&gt; you quite aggressive with your risk management. management. management. &gt;&gt; I'm aggressive with my risk management &gt;&gt; I'm aggressive with my risk management &gt;&gt; I'm aggressive with my risk management because I need to put in this small because I need to put in this small because I need to put in this small amount of ticks. amount of ticks. amount of ticks. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; 0.25% of my account or 0.5% on the &gt;&gt; 0.25% of my account or 0.5% on the &gt;&gt; 0.25% of my account or 0.5% on the account. So you say you could do this or account. So you say you could do this or account. So you say you could do this or take this concept without order flow for take this concept without order flow for take this concept without order flow for example example example &gt;&gt; but of course the order flow just allows &gt;&gt; but of course the order flow just allows &gt;&gt; but of course the order flow just allows you to have more confirmation align more you to have more confirmation align more you to have more confirmation align more with the larger orders. with the larger orders. with the larger orders. &gt;&gt; It's working also for price action &gt;&gt; It's working also for price action &gt;&gt; It's working also for price action &gt;&gt; but it's like something that when you &gt;&gt; but it's like something that when you &gt;&gt; but it's like something that when you see it you cannot unsee it. see it you cannot unsee it. see it you cannot unsee it. &gt;&gt; So um when you are trading your mind as &gt;&gt; So um when you are trading your mind as &gt;&gt; So um when you are trading your mind as an orderflow trader says okay price an orderflow trader says okay price an orderflow trader says okay price action is nice but let's see what is action is nice but let's see what is action is nice but let's see what is happening in the level. you want to see happening in the level. you want to see happening in the level. you want to see it and then I think it's not convenient it and then I think it's not convenient it and then I think it's not convenient nowadays to not use orderflow for one nowadays to not use orderflow for one nowadays to not use orderflow for one simple reason we are edge and edge simple reason we are edge and edge simple reason we are edge and edge seekers as traders seekers as traders seekers as traders &gt;&gt; every 5% more win rate brings us more &gt;&gt; every 5% more win rate brings us more &gt;&gt; every 5% more win rate brings us more money at the end of the month every one money at the end of the month every one money at the end of the month every one hour two hour three hour more at the end hour two hour three hour more at the end hour two hour three hour more at the end of the month is more money for us so why of the month is more money for us so why of the month is more money for us so why not using all the information available not using all the information available not using all the information available I've been in trading floor I seen how I've been in trading floor I seen how I've been in trading floor I seen how they trade and institutional trader they trade and institutional trader they trade and institutional trader considering that 90% is algo trading considering that 90% is algo trading considering that 90% is algo trading nowadays. But the discretionary trading nowadays. But the discretionary trading nowadays. But the discretionary trading for alternative markets, they still use for alternative markets, they still use for alternative markets, they still use orderflow. They use orderflow because orderflow. They use orderflow because orderflow. They use orderflow because they want to see what they are doing. they want to see what they are doing. they want to see what they are doing. Maybe they are more long-term because Maybe they are more long-term because Maybe they are more long-term because they work with huge amount of capital. they work with huge amount of capital. they work with huge amount of capital. So they prefer to use volume profile. So they prefer to use volume profile. So they prefer to use volume profile. But for short term, after 10 years of But for short term, after 10 years of But for short term, after 10 years of trading, I never seen something better trading, I never seen something better trading, I never seen something better than order flow. So still nowadays the than order flow. So still nowadays the than order flow. So still nowadays the model is not getting changed. The only model is not getting changed. The only model is not getting changed. The only change that I've made is uh during high change that I've made is uh during high change that I've made is uh during high compression period that we have seen in compression period that we have seen in compression period that we have seen in 2023 and 24 2023 and 24 2023 and 24 &gt;&gt; the the month that you are going through &gt;&gt; the the month that you are going through &gt;&gt; the the month that you are going through summer like end of March. Yeah. May June summer like end of March. Yeah. May June summer like end of March. Yeah. May June you see the market is getting a little you see the market is getting a little you see the market is getting a little bit compressed and August like NASDAQ bit compressed and August like NASDAQ bit compressed and August like NASDAQ movement are really choppy. So um what movement are really choppy. So um what movement are really choppy. So um what you can do is just say to create you can do is just say to create you can do is just say to create specific condition where you will not specific condition where you will not specific condition where you will not transact. So this model it's okay for transact. So this model it's okay for transact. So this model it's okay for London session, it's not okay for New London session, it's not okay for New London session, it's not okay for New York session, York session, York session, &gt;&gt; but it's perfect for the summer. So I'm &gt;&gt; but it's perfect for the summer. So I'm &gt;&gt; but it's perfect for the summer. So I'm giving you a model that it's perfect for giving you a model that it's perfect for giving you a model that it's perfect for the months that we are going in because the months that we are going in because the months that we are going in because this is the behavior maybe with Iran and this is the behavior maybe with Iran and this is the behavior maybe with Iran and America and Israel, it will not be the America and Israel, it will not be the America and Israel, it will not be the summer summer summer &gt;&gt; to do this model. But um but yes it's &gt;&gt; to do this model. But um but yes it's &gt;&gt; to do this model. But um but yes it's working uh properly. working uh properly. working uh properly. &gt;&gt; But to your point in terms of orderflow &gt;&gt; But to your point in terms of orderflow &gt;&gt; But to your point in terms of orderflow wise regardless of wise regardless of wise regardless of &gt;&gt; you know conditions that understanding &gt;&gt; you know conditions that understanding &gt;&gt; you know conditions that understanding of order flow remains right. So in terms of order flow remains right. So in terms of order flow remains right. So in terms of the principles that you're using when of the principles that you're using when of the principles that you're using when using orderflow and understanding that using orderflow and understanding that using orderflow and understanding that information and deciphering that information and deciphering that information and deciphering that information regardless of the conditions information regardless of the conditions information regardless of the conditions whether we're compressed or whether whether we're compressed or whether whether we're compressed or whether we're getting a lot of volatility and we're getting a lot of volatility and we're getting a lot of volatility and movement movement movement &gt;&gt; the the lessons and principles you take &gt;&gt; the the lessons and principles you take &gt;&gt; the the lessons and principles you take from order flow remains universal. So from order flow remains universal. So from order flow remains universal. So outside of because with price action and outside of because with price action and outside of because with price action and purely price action, the problem is one, purely price action, the problem is one, purely price action, the problem is one, you're guessing, right? You're trying to you're guessing, right? You're trying to you're guessing, right? You're trying to guess where stops are. You're trying to guess where stops are. You're trying to guess where stops are. You're trying to guess where the big players are because guess where the big players are because guess where the big players are because you can't see it. you can't see it. you can't see it. &gt;&gt; But equally, when conditions change, the &gt;&gt; But equally, when conditions change, the &gt;&gt; But equally, when conditions change, the same concepts aren't universal. Now you same concepts aren't universal. Now you same concepts aren't universal. Now you have to change and and be able to adapt. have to change and and be able to adapt. have to change and and be able to adapt. While with the order flow, you still While with the order flow, you still While with the order flow, you still have to adapt. you know, you still have have to adapt. you know, you still have have to adapt. you know, you still have to change in terms of your maybe your to change in terms of your maybe your to change in terms of your maybe your risk management, your trade management, risk management, your trade management, risk management, your trade management, but the order flow itself, like those but the order flow itself, like those but the order flow itself, like those orders are still orders, those stop orders are still orders, those stop orders are still orders, those stop losses, those those uh participants are losses, those those uh participants are losses, those those uh participants are still going to be the same. still going to be the same. still going to be the same. &gt;&gt; Um, but just a quick question for &gt;&gt; Um, but just a quick question for &gt;&gt; Um, but just a quick question for yourself. You weren't were you always an yourself. You weren't were you always an yourself. You weren't were you always an orderflow trader or is it something you orderflow trader or is it something you orderflow trader or is it something you picked up? picked up? picked up? &gt;&gt; No, I was a free action trader, but I'm &gt;&gt; No, I was a free action trader, but I'm &gt;&gt; No, I was a free action trader, but I'm really open-minded. So if someone comes really open-minded. So if someone comes really open-minded. So if someone comes to me and say, "Fabio, you can improve to me and say, "Fabio, you can improve to me and say, "Fabio, you can improve your risk-to-reward from here to here your risk-to-reward from here to here your risk-to-reward from here to here using option flow." using option flow." using option flow." &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; I'm really open to it. Like I think that &gt;&gt; I'm really open to it. Like I think that &gt;&gt; I'm really open to it. Like I think that a trader needs to be the most a trader needs to be the most a trader needs to be the most open-minded person because if a new open-minded person because if a new open-minded person because if a new tools for example, if new data like MBO tools for example, if new data like MBO tools for example, if new data like MBO orders can improve your model, you orders can improve your model, you orders can improve your model, you shouldn't be you shouldn't put your ego shouldn't be you shouldn't put your ego shouldn't be you shouldn't put your ego here and say no, my model is the best here and say no, my model is the best here and say no, my model is the best one. if it's improving your profit one. if it's improving your profit one. if it's improving your profit factor and sharp ratio just use it and factor and sharp ratio just use it and factor and sharp ratio just use it and connecting to your point I went to order connecting to your point I went to order connecting to your point I went to order flow also also because the price action flow also also because the price action flow also also because the price action it's harder to replicate for students it's harder to replicate for students it's harder to replicate for students &gt;&gt; because let's say that we have 100 &gt;&gt; because let's say that we have 100 &gt;&gt; because let's say that we have 100 people watching this okay and we say people watching this okay and we say people watching this okay and we say okay use a break of structure in favor okay use a break of structure in favor okay use a break of structure in favor of the trend for someone a break of of the trend for someone a break of of the trend for someone a break of structure is this for someone can be structure is this for someone can be structure is this for someone can be external breakoff structure for someone external breakoff structure for someone external breakoff structure for someone they take the big swing and is this the they take the big swing and is this the they take the big swing and is this the breakoff structure? Okay, if I say to breakoff structure? Okay, if I say to breakoff structure? Okay, if I say to you look you look you look drop for the full day the profile the drop for the full day the profile the drop for the full day the profile the profile is this one. This is the level profile is this one. This is the level profile is this one. This is the level where you are out of balance is not it where you are out of balance is not it where you are out of balance is not it cannot be this it cannot be this it cannot be this it cannot be this it cannot be this it cannot be this it cannot be this. If I say to you it's cannot be this. If I say to you it's cannot be this. If I say to you it's when you go here just put a filter of 30 when you go here just put a filter of 30 when you go here just put a filter of 30 contracts on NASDAQ on the one minute contracts on NASDAQ on the one minute contracts on NASDAQ on the one minute you cannot think it's here because you you cannot think it's here because you you cannot think it's here because you will see the ball. So it's really will see the ball. So it's really will see the ball. So it's really objective. Now there is a skill in objective. Now there is a skill in objective. Now there is a skill in reading of course market sentiment, reading of course market sentiment, reading of course market sentiment, market change. But when I explain you market change. But when I explain you market change. But when I explain you something, it's something that you can something, it's something that you can something, it's something that you can go home test it and you will see exactly go home test it and you will see exactly go home test it and you will see exactly what I'm seeing with price action. I what I'm seeing with price action. I what I'm seeing with price action. I think the the subjective analysis is think the the subjective analysis is think the the subjective analysis is really heavy especially if you start really heavy especially if you start really heavy especially if you start doing puts multi-time frame. So doing puts multi-time frame. So doing puts multi-time frame. So &gt;&gt; definitely yeah &gt;&gt; definitely yeah &gt;&gt; definitely yeah &gt;&gt; from daily to H4 to H1 to 15 minutes, 3 &gt;&gt; from daily to H4 to H1 to 15 minutes, 3 &gt;&gt; from daily to H4 to H1 to 15 minutes, 3 minutes, 1 minutes. What's the minutes, 1 minutes. What's the minutes, 1 minutes. What's the probability that the trade that you probability that the trade that you probability that the trade that you frame is the same that the trade that frame is the same that the trade that frame is the same that the trade that your student will frame? It's really your student will frame? It's really your student will frame? It's really low. low. low. &gt;&gt; That's what I was going to say. So when &gt;&gt; That's what I was going to say. So when &gt;&gt; That's what I was going to say. So when it comes to say teaching for example it comes to say teaching for example it comes to say teaching for example when there is no orderflow that when there is no orderflow that when there is no orderflow that subjectiveness becomes quite a subjectiveness becomes quite a subjectiveness becomes quite a difficulty because everyone has a difficulty because everyone has a difficulty because everyone has a different perception different perception different perception &gt;&gt; as you said as you you know there's a &gt;&gt; as you said as you you know there's a &gt;&gt; as you said as you you know there's a really good example of of showing that. really good example of of showing that. really good example of of showing that. But then when you have order flow But then when you have order flow But then when you have order flow &gt;&gt; regardless of that the time frame &gt;&gt; regardless of that the time frame &gt;&gt; regardless of that the time frame potentially and you know where you're potentially and you know where you're potentially and you know where you're looking that the areas on the charts are looking that the areas on the charts are looking that the areas on the charts are all going to be the same. Everyone's all going to be the same. Everyone's all going to be the same. Everyone's going to see the same thing. And those going to see the same thing. And those going to see the same thing. And those numbers are going to be reflected numbers are going to be reflected numbers are going to be reflected exactly the same across the board to exactly the same across the board to exactly the same across the board to every single person. While you know even every single person. While you know even every single person. While you know even the subjectiveness of say just the subjectiveness of say just the subjectiveness of say just candlesticks like a large red candle to candlesticks like a large red candle to candlesticks like a large red candle to one person might just another candle one person might just another candle one person might just another candle while to another person they'll be like while to another person they'll be like while to another person they'll be like oh my goodness the market is completely oh my goodness the market is completely oh my goodness the market is completely falling off a cliff falling off a cliff falling off a cliff &gt;&gt; when they explain the model when you see &gt;&gt; when they explain the model when you see &gt;&gt; when they explain the model when you see a big candle how much it's a big candle a big candle how much it's a big candle a big candle how much it's a big candle how much ATR you you include. So there how much ATR you you include. So there how much ATR you you include. So there is a lot of subjectivity and also let's is a lot of subjectivity and also let's is a lot of subjectivity and also let's consider that consider that consider that we have three level of analysis. We have we have three level of analysis. We have we have three level of analysis. We have lagging, lagging, lagging, we have real time and we are leading. we have real time and we are leading. we have real time and we are leading. Lagging are indicators. So if you get Lagging are indicators. So if you get Lagging are indicators. So if you get MACD, if you get stochastic, if you get MACD, if you get stochastic, if you get MACD, if you get stochastic, if you get RSI, RSI, RSI, this is created as this is created as this is created as uh derivative of price. uh derivative of price. uh derivative of price. &gt;&gt; So you get uh MACD that is always going &gt;&gt; So you get uh MACD that is always going &gt;&gt; So you get uh MACD that is always going after price, never anticipating. after price, never anticipating. after price, never anticipating. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; price is real time. So you are watching &gt;&gt; price is real time. So you are watching &gt;&gt; price is real time. So you are watching &gt;&gt; what is happening as an effect in real &gt;&gt; what is happening as an effect in real &gt;&gt; what is happening as an effect in real time. But with volume, you are watching time. But with volume, you are watching time. But with volume, you are watching the narrative before the price created. the narrative before the price created. the narrative before the price created. I give you an example of something that I give you an example of something that I give you an example of something that I never explained. Okay? And this is I never explained. Okay? And this is I never explained. Okay? And this is something that really helped me to see something that really helped me to see something that really helped me to see the develop the developing pressure to the develop the developing pressure to the develop the developing pressure to be able to put at break even sooner than be able to put at break even sooner than be able to put at break even sooner than other people. Okay? So let's say that we other people. Okay? So let's say that we other people. Okay? So let's say that we are here. We have a long bias. We are are here. We have a long bias. We are are here. We have a long bias. We are out of balance and we have the previous out of balance and we have the previous out of balance and we have the previous day point of control. Okay. So with day point of control. Okay. So with day point of control. Okay. So with price action when can we put that break price action when can we put that break price action when can we put that break even? When we break this level. Yeah. even? When we break this level. Yeah. even? When we break this level. Yeah. You agree with me? Yes. Because we have You agree with me? Yes. Because we have You agree with me? Yes. Because we have level of protection that we can put here level of protection that we can put here level of protection that we can put here and we say okay it will retest and go. and we say okay it will retest and go. and we say okay it will retest and go. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We shouldn't break that low. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We shouldn't break that low. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We shouldn't break that low. Right. Right. Right. &gt;&gt; Volume we can use one tool that is &gt;&gt; Volume we can use one tool that is &gt;&gt; Volume we can use one tool that is called CVD. That is cumulative volume called CVD. That is cumulative volume called CVD. That is cumulative volume delta. What cumulative volume delta is delta. What cumulative volume delta is delta. What cumulative volume delta is giving you is a benchmark for pressure giving you is a benchmark for pressure giving you is a benchmark for pressure of volume. of volume. of volume. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So you are out of balance. So the &gt;&gt; So you are out of balance. So the &gt;&gt; So you are out of balance. So the probability you will find a new point of probability you will find a new point of probability you will find a new point of balance is high with cumulative volume balance is high with cumulative volume balance is high with cumulative volume delta. You see this is the price maybe delta. You see this is the price maybe delta. You see this is the price maybe you see the cumulative volume delta you see the cumulative volume delta you see the cumulative volume delta doing this when you are here the doing this when you are here the doing this when you are here the cumulative volume delta is doing this. cumulative volume delta is doing this. cumulative volume delta is doing this. What does it mean that aggressive buyers What does it mean that aggressive buyers What does it mean that aggressive buyers are really pushing on the gas and there are really pushing on the gas and there are really pushing on the gas and there is a lot of interest because as the is a lot of interest because as the is a lot of interest because as the price goes up you don't see sellers price goes up you don't see sellers price goes up you don't see sellers aggressive but you see that buyers are aggressive but you see that buyers are aggressive but you see that buyers are willing to buy at higher price and if we willing to buy at higher price and if we willing to buy at higher price and if we are at an auction and there is a a are at an auction and there is a a are at an auction and there is a a limited piece of Mustang from 1969 okay limited piece of Mustang from 1969 okay limited piece of Mustang from 1969 okay &gt;&gt; and the base auction is 1 million and &gt;&gt; and the base auction is 1 million and &gt;&gt; and the base auction is 1 million and you see buyers starting 1.2 1.4 1.6 six you see buyers starting 1.2 1.4 1.6 six you see buyers starting 1.2 1.4 1.6 six it means that the price it means that the price it means that the price is probably going up because they are is probably going up because they are is probably going up because they are interested in the piece. interested in the piece. interested in the piece. &gt;&gt; So what you can do when you see that &gt;&gt; So what you can do when you see that &gt;&gt; So what you can do when you see that cumulative volume delta is pushing up cumulative volume delta is pushing up cumulative volume delta is pushing up and you see this leg already building and you see this leg already building and you see this leg already building you can already put to break even. Yeah you can already put to break even. Yeah you can already put to break even. Yeah &gt;&gt; because you know that as the smallest &gt;&gt; because you know that as the smallest &gt;&gt; because you know that as the smallest retracement aggressive buyers will retracement aggressive buyers will retracement aggressive buyers will continue to push up and you are continue to push up and you are continue to push up and you are protected. protected. protected. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; This is something that you can do with &gt;&gt; This is something that you can do with &gt;&gt; This is something that you can do with only with leading indicators you cannot only with leading indicators you cannot only with leading indicators you cannot do before. Of course, I didn't talk do before. Of course, I didn't talk do before. Of course, I didn't talk about global macro, but also global about global macro, but also global about global macro, but also global macro, it's a leading indicator or macro, it's a leading indicator or macro, it's a leading indicator or onchain analysis for crypto, but for onchain analysis for crypto, but for onchain analysis for crypto, but for intraday scalping, like orderflow is the intraday scalping, like orderflow is the intraday scalping, like orderflow is the benchmark tool. Let's take a break for a benchmark tool. Let's take a break for a benchmark tool. Let's take a break for a minute there, guys, cuz I want to tell minute there, guys, cuz I want to tell minute there, guys, cuz I want to tell you about the best CFD prop firm in the you about the best CFD prop firm in the you about the best CFD prop firm in the entire industry, Funded Next. Funded entire industry, Funded Next. Funded entire industry, Funded Next. Funded Next is a proud sponsor of Chart Next is a proud sponsor of Chart Next is a proud sponsor of Chart Fanatics, and they have been leading the Fanatics, and they have been leading the Fanatics, and they have been leading the CFD prop firm industry for many years. CFD prop firm industry for many years. CFD prop firm industry for many years. Literally a top three prop firm. Now, Literally a top three prop firm. Now, Literally a top three prop firm. Now, why is that? Let me quickly just run why is that? Let me quickly just run why is that? Let me quickly just run through all the incredible things that through all the incredible things that through all the incredible things that they do. First off, they have challenges they do. First off, they have challenges they do. First off, they have challenges for every trader. Whatever you're for every trader. Whatever you're for every trader. Whatever you're looking for, they have. They have a looking for, they have. They have a looking for, they have. They have a one-step challenge. They have two-step one-step challenge. They have two-step one-step challenge. They have two-step challenges. And now industry-leading challenges. And now industry-leading challenges. And now industry-leading instant funding. You get on demand instant funding. You get on demand instant funding. You get on demand payouts. You get instant access to payouts. You get instant access to payouts. You get instant access to funding. You get a no daily loss limit. funding. You get a no daily loss limit. funding. You get a no daily loss limit. And for every 10% you make on the And for every 10% you make on the And for every 10% you make on the account, it doubles your account size. account, it doubles your account size. account, it doubles your account size. Mind-blowing. Absolutely crazy. Now let Mind-blowing. Absolutely crazy. Now let Mind-blowing. Absolutely crazy. Now let me tell you though the trading me tell you though the trading me tell you though the trading conditions they are the best in the conditions they are the best in the conditions they are the best in the market when it comes to raw spreads and market when it comes to raw spreads and market when it comes to raw spreads and there are no slippage. When it comes to there are no slippage. When it comes to there are no slippage. When it comes to trading platforms they have MetaTrader trading platforms they have MetaTrader trading platforms they have MetaTrader 4, MetaTrader 5 and C trader as well. 4, MetaTrader 5 and C trader as well. 4, MetaTrader 5 and C trader as well. Something unique to Funded Next is that Something unique to Funded Next is that Something unique to Funded Next is that on every challenge type you can get once on every challenge type you can get once on every challenge type you can get once you've achieved 10% on your funded you've achieved 10% on your funded you've achieved 10% on your funded account up to 15% of the profits during account up to 15% of the profits during account up to 15% of the profits during the challenge phase given back to you. the challenge phase given back to you. the challenge phase given back to you. In addition to that, you can also get a In addition to that, you can also get a In addition to that, you can also get a reward bonus equivalent to the same reward bonus equivalent to the same reward bonus equivalent to the same amount as your subscription fee on your amount as your subscription fee on your amount as your subscription fee on your first payout. And just in case that's first payout. And just in case that's first payout. And just in case that's not enough, there's no time limit on not enough, there's no time limit on not enough, there's no time limit on most challenges. News trading is most challenges. News trading is most challenges. News trading is allowed. There's no imposed limits on allowed. There's no imposed limits on allowed. There's no imposed limits on instruments or position sizes. They have instruments or position sizes. They have instruments or position sizes. They have scaleup plans that can 10x your account scaleup plans that can 10x your account scaleup plans that can 10x your account size. And something that they did first, size. And something that they did first, size. And something that they did first, if you don't receive your payout within if you don't receive your payout within if you don't receive your payout within 24 hours, you will receive an additional 24 hours, you will receive an additional 24 hours, you will receive an additional $1,000 $1,000 $1,000 compensation. Now, if that doesn't tell compensation. Now, if that doesn't tell compensation. Now, if that doesn't tell you that they're for traders, I don't you that they're for traders, I don't you that they're for traders, I don't know what will. Now, make sure you use know what will. Now, make sure you use know what will. Now, make sure you use the code CF to get the best offer the code CF to get the best offer the code CF to get the best offer available at Funded Next right now. The available at Funded Next right now. The available at Funded Next right now. The link is in the description below. Make link is in the description below. Make link is in the description below. Make sure you join Funded Next today. Now, sure you join Funded Next today. Now, sure you join Funded Next today. Now, let's get back to the episode. I love let's get back to the episode. I love let's get back to the episode. I love that example to be fair because if you that example to be fair because if you that example to be fair because if you really think about an auction that's really think about an auction that's really think about an auction that's probably the closest that the everyday probably the closest that the everyday probably the closest that the everyday person might have some sort of insight person might have some sort of insight person might have some sort of insight into or at least know and understand how into or at least know and understand how into or at least know and understand how they operate uh as a as a usual auction. they operate uh as a as a usual auction. they operate uh as a as a usual auction. So in this case the car or house for So in this case the car or house for So in this case the car or house for example um you'll see the same thing if example um you'll see the same thing if example um you'll see the same thing if let's say even when there are buyers who let's say even when there are buyers who let's say even when there are buyers who want to buy but let's say if the auction want to buy but let's say if the auction want to buy but let's say if the auction price is starting too high price is starting too high price is starting too high &gt;&gt; they don't they don't really like where &gt;&gt; they don't they don't really like where &gt;&gt; they don't they don't really like where it's starting at you'll see actually the it's starting at you'll see actually the it's starting at you'll see actually the auction begins anyone at a million no auction begins anyone at a million no auction begins anyone at a million no one answers no one says anything so then one answers no one says anything so then one answers no one says anything so then the auctioneer or whoever's like running the auctioneer or whoever's like running the auctioneer or whoever's like running the auction will bring the price down the auction will bring the price down the auction will bring the price down until there's some interest and then you until there's some interest and then you until there's some interest and then you never know like it might seem like oh no never know like it might seem like oh no never know like it might seem like oh no one wants this car no one wants this uh one wants this car no one wants this uh one wants this car no one wants this uh vehicle or in this case obviously no one vehicle or in this case obviously no one vehicle or in this case obviously no one wants to participate or place any orders wants to participate or place any orders wants to participate or place any orders in this market. in this market. in this market. &gt;&gt; But then once it hits the level that &gt;&gt; But then once it hits the level that &gt;&gt; But then once it hits the level that people are interested at, let's say if people are interested at, let's say if people are interested at, let's say if it's that car example again, let's say it's that car example again, let's say it's that car example again, let's say we started at a million but no one's we started at a million but no one's we started at a million but no one's interested. Bring it down to 800,000. interested. Bring it down to 800,000. interested. Bring it down to 800,000. Now suddenly someone's interested, one Now suddenly someone's interested, one Now suddenly someone's interested, one person's interested. Okay, we bid it up, person's interested. Okay, we bid it up, person's interested. Okay, we bid it up, but now people who were there for that but now people who were there for that but now people who were there for that particular vehicle moment. particular vehicle moment. particular vehicle moment. &gt;&gt; Yes. And then you'll suddenly see how &gt;&gt; Yes. And then you'll suddenly see how &gt;&gt; Yes. And then you'll suddenly see how Yeah, we started at a million and no one Yeah, we started at a million and no one Yeah, we started at a million and no one was interested, but suddenly we're was interested, but suddenly we're was interested, but suddenly we're blasting up to 1.25 25 million and blasting up to 1.25 25 million and blasting up to 1.25 25 million and there's still orders and still more bids there's still orders and still more bids there's still orders and still more bids and therefore that velocity and that and therefore that velocity and that and therefore that velocity and that amount of demand amount of demand amount of demand &gt;&gt; at the moment &gt;&gt; at the moment &gt;&gt; at the moment &gt;&gt; you go to the market price because if &gt;&gt; you go to the market price because if &gt;&gt; you go to the market price because if the market price is 2.1 million you the market price is 2.1 million you the market price is 2.1 million you start to see at 1.9 million of auction start to see at 1.9 million of auction start to see at 1.9 million of auction market participants saying okay let's go market participants saying okay let's go market participants saying okay let's go on increment of 50,000 not 200,000 so on increment of 50,000 not 200,000 so on increment of 50,000 not 200,000 so the market gets lower and you build new the market gets lower and you build new the market gets lower and you build new balance balance balance &gt;&gt; and then the point of control is the &gt;&gt; and then the point of control is the &gt;&gt; and then the point of control is the seller that close it usually the auction seller that close it usually the auction seller that close it usually the auction So um this is how really the market So um this is how really the market So um this is how really the market works and this is what I use daily to works and this is what I use daily to works and this is what I use daily to frame my entry and um then what's good frame my entry and um then what's good frame my entry and um then what's good about orderflow is that it's really um about orderflow is that it's really um about orderflow is that it's really um you can adapt it to every market you can adapt it to every market you can adapt it to every market condition. For example, if you have a condition. For example, if you have a condition. For example, if you have a model with price action that is working model with price action that is working model with price action that is working really good, you don't need to abandon really good, you don't need to abandon really good, you don't need to abandon your model. just see if you can get your model. just see if you can get your model. just see if you can get better precision and remove the losing better precision and remove the losing better precision and remove the losing trades using this concept. trades using this concept. trades using this concept. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So it's not something that you will not &gt;&gt; So it's not something that you will not &gt;&gt; So it's not something that you will not start from scratch. Yeah. Just start from scratch. Yeah. Just start from scratch. Yeah. Just &gt;&gt; expand the level of knowledge you have &gt;&gt; expand the level of knowledge you have &gt;&gt; expand the level of knowledge you have from candlestick charts. from candlestick charts. from candlestick charts. &gt;&gt; So like you said earlier as a trader and &gt;&gt; So like you said earlier as a trader and &gt;&gt; So like you said earlier as a trader and and a pure trader at that and who's and a pure trader at that and who's and a pure trader at that and who's someone who's focused on trading 100%. someone who's focused on trading 100%. someone who's focused on trading 100%. &gt;&gt; That's your goal is to how do you build &gt;&gt; That's your goal is to how do you build &gt;&gt; That's your goal is to how do you build more edge? How do you squeeze more edge more edge? How do you squeeze more edge more edge? How do you squeeze more edge out of the same knowledge? playbook or out of the same knowledge? playbook or out of the same knowledge? playbook or strategy that you're using because strategy that you're using because strategy that you're using because that's really what you do at that point. that's really what you do at that point. that's really what you do at that point. You're not jumping, okay, I've got this You're not jumping, okay, I've got this You're not jumping, okay, I've got this strategy, but I want to find a better strategy, but I want to find a better strategy, but I want to find a better one. That's not how the mindset is, one. That's not how the mindset is, one. That's not how the mindset is, right? And then if you come across a right? And then if you come across a right? And then if you come across a really good playbook and edge and really good playbook and edge and really good playbook and edge and strategy, you always can start to add strategy, you always can start to add strategy, you always can start to add that. But your focus point is how do I that. But your focus point is how do I that. But your focus point is how do I make this playbook the best it can be? make this playbook the best it can be? make this playbook the best it can be? How can I be the best trader possible? How can I be the best trader possible? How can I be the best trader possible? And in this case, you might have a And in this case, you might have a And in this case, you might have a profitable price action model, profitable price action model, profitable price action model, &gt;&gt; but your goal then is okay, how do I &gt;&gt; but your goal then is okay, how do I &gt;&gt; but your goal then is okay, how do I squeeze more out of it, squeeze more out of it, squeeze more out of it, &gt;&gt; right? So in terms of using orderflow if &gt;&gt; right? So in terms of using orderflow if &gt;&gt; right? So in terms of using orderflow if you're not using that already that would you're not using that already that would you're not using that already that would definitely help you to squeeze more out definitely help you to squeeze more out definitely help you to squeeze more out of it. Now not I'm sure there might be of it. Now not I'm sure there might be of it. Now not I'm sure there might be some people who try and learn orderflow some people who try and learn orderflow some people who try and learn orderflow and go n this is a bit more complex for and go n this is a bit more complex for and go n this is a bit more complex for me and uh therefore you know for that me and uh therefore you know for that me and uh therefore you know for that particular individual it might not be as particular individual it might not be as particular individual it might not be as helpful for example helpful for example helpful for example &gt;&gt; but I would say it's probably a slimmer &gt;&gt; but I would say it's probably a slimmer &gt;&gt; but I would say it's probably a slimmer amount of people right amount of people right amount of people right &gt;&gt; um &gt;&gt; um &gt;&gt; um &gt;&gt; but the worst thing you can do is just &gt;&gt; but the worst thing you can do is just &gt;&gt; but the worst thing you can do is just not even try because you're already not even try because you're already not even try because you're already writing it's like people who need to writing it's like people who need to writing it's like people who need to learn fundamentals right and macro learn fundamentals right and macro learn fundamentals right and macro &gt;&gt; they don't because they it's complex and &gt;&gt; they don't because they it's complex and &gt;&gt; they don't because they it's complex and you know the price action's enough you know the price action's enough you know the price action's enough &gt;&gt; much to study &gt;&gt; much to study &gt;&gt; much to study &gt;&gt; yeah but in reality when you look at &gt;&gt; yeah but in reality when you look at &gt;&gt; yeah but in reality when you look at even just this year but co was a great even just this year but co was a great even just this year but co was a great example of it for as a lot of traders example of it for as a lot of traders example of it for as a lot of traders came into the markets but even just this came into the markets but even just this came into the markets but even just this year for example was a great example year for example was a great example year for example was a great example last year yes we had quite a bull market last year yes we had quite a bull market last year yes we had quite a bull market but there wasn't really a crazy amount but there wasn't really a crazy amount but there wasn't really a crazy amount of fundamentals behind um you know in of fundamentals behind um you know in of fundamentals behind um you know in terms of like changes and volatility terms of like changes and volatility terms of like changes and volatility changes and market changes while this changes and market changes while this changes and market changes while this year we're we're just coming into year we're we're just coming into year we're we're just coming into towards the end of June and literally towards the end of June and literally towards the end of June and literally we've seen highs lows we've seen the we've seen highs lows we've seen the we've seen highs lows we've seen the markets completely shift month after markets completely shift month after markets completely shift month after month after week and it's probably not month after week and it's probably not month after week and it's probably not going to change and we call this a Trump going to change and we call this a Trump going to change and we call this a Trump But but um again if you don't know macro But but um again if you don't know macro But but um again if you don't know macro it's so easy for you to sit there and go it's so easy for you to sit there and go it's so easy for you to sit there and go the markets are crazy I can't understand the markets are crazy I can't understand the markets are crazy I can't understand what's going on versus the people who do what's going on versus the people who do what's going on versus the people who do have an understanding and it I won't have an understanding and it I won't have an understanding and it I won't even class it as like a deep deep deep even class it as like a deep deep deep even class it as like a deep deep deep understanding some people you just have understanding some people you just have understanding some people you just have a basic knowledge a basic knowledge a basic knowledge &gt;&gt; allows them to have more clarity and &gt;&gt; allows them to have more clarity and &gt;&gt; allows them to have more clarity and calmness which as a trader as we know is calmness which as a trader as we know is calmness which as a trader as we know is extremely important u one thing we'll do extremely important u one thing we'll do extremely important u one thing we'll do so from here where should we go from so from here where should we go from so from here where should we go from here should we should we uh recap the here should we should we uh recap the here should we should we uh recap the two models quickly did we we covered two two models quickly did we we covered two two models quickly did we we covered two right right right &gt;&gt; two to go one point before that is edge &gt;&gt; two to go one point before that is edge &gt;&gt; two to go one point before that is edge decay. decay. decay. &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's do it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's do it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's do it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Before going to to recap the model, &gt;&gt; Before going to to recap the model, &gt;&gt; Before going to to recap the model, &gt;&gt; let's do it. &gt;&gt; let's do it. &gt;&gt; let's do it. &gt;&gt; Um the concept of edge decay is when &gt;&gt; Um the concept of edge decay is when &gt;&gt; Um the concept of edge decay is when your model lose edge. your model lose edge. your model lose edge. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Okay. And this is something I notice a &gt;&gt; Okay. And this is something I notice a &gt;&gt; Okay. And this is something I notice a lot with price action. So for example, lot with price action. So for example, lot with price action. So for example, before I was using supply and demand in before I was using supply and demand in before I was using supply and demand in trend following and when the volatility trend following and when the volatility trend following and when the volatility change for example you are creating one change for example you are creating one change for example you are creating one rule that you have moving average long rule that you have moving average long rule that you have moving average long and we are adding to the trend when you and we are adding to the trend when you and we are adding to the trend when you get here. Okay. uh volatility change. So get here. Okay. uh volatility change. So get here. Okay. uh volatility change. So the the length of the swing if it goes the the length of the swing if it goes the the length of the swing if it goes from here to here you already take a lot from here to here you already take a lot from here to here you already take a lot of stop loss not because you are wrong of stop loss not because you are wrong of stop loss not because you are wrong the direction is right but the market the direction is right but the market the direction is right but the market will just swing higher and I think every will just swing higher and I think every will just swing higher and I think every discretionary trader notice it. Yeah. discretionary trader notice it. Yeah. discretionary trader notice it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So this is edge decay and it's your lose &gt;&gt; So this is edge decay and it's your lose &gt;&gt; So this is edge decay and it's your lose of edge in the change of market of edge in the change of market of edge in the change of market condition. What's also Jim Simmons was condition. What's also Jim Simmons was condition. What's also Jim Simmons was talking about with his renaissance fund talking about with his renaissance fund talking about with his renaissance fund and um with or the flow what it's and um with or the flow what it's and um with or the flow what it's interesting is that you cannot actually interesting is that you cannot actually interesting is that you cannot actually have an edge decay because what you are have an edge decay because what you are have an edge decay because what you are watching is the true nature of the watching is the true nature of the watching is the true nature of the market. market. market. &gt;&gt; So you are not framing the market in &gt;&gt; So you are not framing the market in &gt;&gt; So you are not framing the market in something that is close rule from A to B something that is close rule from A to B something that is close rule from A to B but you are understanding what's but you are understanding what's but you are understanding what's happening. And I will give you an happening. And I will give you an happening. And I will give you an example of something that improved my example of something that improved my example of something that improved my model by four or five point model by four or five point model by four or five point in we rate that it's a lot if you are a in we rate that it's a lot if you are a in we rate that it's a lot if you are a scalper and is the following one before scalper and is the following one before scalper and is the following one before &gt;&gt; if you are like closed in a range but &gt;&gt; if you are like closed in a range but &gt;&gt; if you are like closed in a range but you are trading price action and you are you are trading price action and you are you are trading price action and you are trading continuation with brick test trading continuation with brick test trading continuation with brick test model is really common. Okay. So you model is really common. Okay. So you model is really common. Okay. So you wait for this then you wait for the week wait for this then you wait for the week wait for this then you wait for the week down and on the down and on the down and on the &gt;&gt; on on the test you go long. &gt;&gt; on on the test you go long. &gt;&gt; on on the test you go long. &gt;&gt; Yeah. When if you start to do one simple &gt;&gt; Yeah. When if you start to do one simple &gt;&gt; Yeah. When if you start to do one simple exercise and you start to only use order exercise and you start to only use order exercise and you start to only use order flow to zoom out when this is happening flow to zoom out when this is happening flow to zoom out when this is happening like you you take one specific part. So like you you take one specific part. So like you you take one specific part. So you cannot say that order flow is you cannot say that order flow is you cannot say that order flow is complex. You take the same candle just complex. You take the same candle just complex. You take the same candle just you make an exercise watch cumulative you make an exercise watch cumulative you make an exercise watch cumulative volume delta here and orders. volume delta here and orders. volume delta here and orders. You can use also footprint for this. If You can use also footprint for this. If You can use also footprint for this. If you see that at this level there is a you see that at this level there is a you see that at this level there is a lot of a aggression and the cumulative lot of a aggression and the cumulative lot of a aggression and the cumulative volume delta is doing here this it means volume delta is doing here this it means volume delta is doing here this it means that this movement is not supported and that this movement is not supported and that this movement is not supported and the probability that you will go down the probability that you will go down the probability that you will go down it's here and is something that is it's here and is something that is it's here and is something that is telling you before the price bring you telling you before the price bring you telling you before the price bring you to stop. So you can just decide not to to stop. So you can just decide not to to stop. So you can just decide not to jump in. And this is a comp a concept jump in. And this is a comp a concept jump in. And this is a comp a concept that I want to cover because it's that I want to cover because it's that I want to cover because it's something that I went through when uh something that I went through when uh something that I went through when uh the price action model was not working the price action model was not working the price action model was not working properly during the um 2019 and I had to properly during the um 2019 and I had to properly during the um 2019 and I had to step up the game and I was thinking no step up the game and I was thinking no step up the game and I was thinking no no I need to study from zero and I need no I need to study from zero and I need no I need to study from zero and I need to implement something that will cancel to implement something that will cancel to implement something that will cancel and raise all the learning curve that I and raise all the learning curve that I and raise all the learning curve that I got with price action. But it's not like got with price action. But it's not like got with price action. But it's not like this just you will start from where you this just you will start from where you this just you will start from where you are before. Yeah, are before. Yeah, are before. Yeah, &gt;&gt; just understanding what's happening &gt;&gt; just understanding what's happening &gt;&gt; just understanding what's happening behind the market. behind the market. behind the market. &gt;&gt; Of course, it's easier to think that the &gt;&gt; Of course, it's easier to think that the &gt;&gt; Of course, it's easier to think that the market is dominated by some black entity market is dominated by some black entity market is dominated by some black entity behind the table because understanding behind the table because understanding behind the table because understanding the mechanic is difficult. But I can the mechanic is difficult. But I can the mechanic is difficult. But I can guarantee you that you will improve as a guarantee you that you will improve as a guarantee you that you will improve as a trader. trader. trader. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; And uh so we go now on the summary of &gt;&gt; And uh so we go now on the summary of &gt;&gt; And uh so we go now on the summary of the two models. the two models. the two models. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And we start with the trend model. &gt;&gt; And we start with the trend model. &gt;&gt; And we start with the trend model. So this model is a trend following model So this model is a trend following model So this model is a trend following model and we will go before on the timing that is New York session. Okay. So we that is New York session. Okay. So we that is New York session. Okay. So we want the biggest amount of volatility to want the biggest amount of volatility to want the biggest amount of volatility to implement this model in live market implement this model in live market implement this model in live market condition and uh I don't advise to keep condition and uh I don't advise to keep condition and uh I don't advise to keep the trades for the night. So this is a the trades for the night. So this is a the trades for the night. So this is a model that gets close as soon as the model that gets close as soon as the model that gets close as soon as the market close. You don't bring overnight market close. You don't bring overnight market close. You don't bring overnight trades because you also need more margin trades because you also need more margin trades because you also need more margin for futures. It's not convenient at all. for futures. It's not convenient at all. for futures. It's not convenient at all. Just if you are in profit or if you are Just if you are in profit or if you are Just if you are in profit or if you are in loss, cut the position and tomorrow in loss, cut the position and tomorrow in loss, cut the position and tomorrow it's another day for this one. So this it's another day for this one. So this it's another day for this one. So this is the timing. Then when we go on the is the timing. Then when we go on the is the timing. Then when we go on the step one, the first step is step one, the first step is step one, the first step is understanding market state. We can only have two market state. We We can only have two market state. We We can only have two market state. We can have a balanced market can have a balanced market can have a balanced market price action going here and we can have price action going here and we can have price action going here and we can have an imbalance market. Okay, with this model we want to Okay, with this model we want to Okay, with this model we want to transact transact transact here. We are not interested in this here. We are not interested in this here. We are not interested in this market condition. So also for the market condition. So also for the market condition. So also for the gamblers gamblers gamblers uh you have one rule that keeps you out uh you have one rule that keeps you out uh you have one rule that keeps you out of the market and this is really of the market and this is really of the market and this is really important because when I start scalping important because when I start scalping important because when I start scalping with price action every movement was with price action every movement was with price action every movement was okay for me like every small impulse and okay for me like every small impulse and okay for me like every small impulse and then you say okay I took three stop for then you say okay I took three stop for then you say okay I took three stop for the day I'm out and then the big moves the day I'm out and then the big moves the day I'm out and then the big moves arrives. So this is the lock where you arrives. So this is the lock where you arrives. So this is the lock where you cannot enter if you don't have exactly cannot enter if you don't have exactly cannot enter if you don't have exactly what the market needs to tell you. Yeah, what the market needs to tell you. Yeah, what the market needs to tell you. Yeah, &gt;&gt; this is the market state and what we &gt;&gt; this is the market state and what we &gt;&gt; this is the market state and what we frame as the step one. Then we need the frame as the step one. Then we need the frame as the step one. Then we need the location. The location is exactly your swing point. That is this one. your swing point. That is this one. your swing point. That is this one. Okay. Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; Mhm. that you need to analyze deeply &gt;&gt; Mhm. that you need to analyze deeply &gt;&gt; Mhm. that you need to analyze deeply because you need to understand if you because you need to understand if you because you need to understand if you want to jump in here, if you want to want to jump in here, if you want to want to jump in here, if you want to jump in here or just if you want to jump jump in here or just if you want to jump jump in here or just if you want to jump on the train sometimes from the lowest on the train sometimes from the lowest on the train sometimes from the lowest point because momentum is so high that point because momentum is so high that point because momentum is so high that you can just say okay I jump here you can just say okay I jump here you can just say okay I jump here &gt;&gt; but I cover myself here. So it's still a &gt;&gt; but I cover myself here. So it's still a &gt;&gt; but I cover myself here. So it's still a good riskto-reward rate. good riskto-reward rate. good riskto-reward rate. &gt;&gt; What you use to do this you you use &gt;&gt; What you use to do this you you use &gt;&gt; What you use to do this you you use profile. profile. profile. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Use profile and what you search is &gt;&gt; Okay. Use profile and what you search is &gt;&gt; Okay. Use profile and what you search is low volume node. Mhm. low volume node. Mhm. low volume node. Mhm. &gt;&gt; So where the mark let's make try to draw &gt;&gt; So where the mark let's make try to draw &gt;&gt; So where the mark let's make try to draw the profile. Okay. Say that this is the the profile. Okay. Say that this is the the profile. Okay. Say that this is the profile for the swing point. profile for the swing point. profile for the swing point. What we can see here is that this is the What we can see here is that this is the What we can see here is that this is the low volume node. Not the best drawing. low volume node. Not the best drawing. low volume node. Not the best drawing. But But But &gt;&gt; I think it's understandable that &gt;&gt; I think it's understandable that &gt;&gt; I think it's understandable that &gt;&gt; we're going to see on the charts, right? &gt;&gt; we're going to see on the charts, right? &gt;&gt; we're going to see on the charts, right? &gt;&gt; The &gt;&gt; The &gt;&gt; The &gt;&gt; the point where the lowest volume get &gt;&gt; the point where the lowest volume get &gt;&gt; the point where the lowest volume get transacted. transacted. transacted. &gt;&gt; What you can do here is &gt;&gt; What you can do here is &gt;&gt; What you can do here is do this. Okay. do this. Okay. do this. Okay. So what I do usually is I don't put a So what I do usually is I don't put a So what I do usually is I don't put a limit order. limit order. limit order. &gt;&gt; Okay? &gt;&gt; Okay? &gt;&gt; Okay? &gt;&gt; I put an alert a little bit below. &gt;&gt; I put an alert a little bit below. &gt;&gt; I put an alert a little bit below. &gt;&gt; Okay? &gt;&gt; Okay? &gt;&gt; Okay? &gt;&gt; Because when it arrives there, &gt;&gt; Because when it arrives there, &gt;&gt; Because when it arrives there, &gt;&gt; I want to see big trades, big orders. &gt;&gt; I want to see big trades, big orders. &gt;&gt; I want to see big trades, big orders. Okay? So as we were seeing before, we Okay? So as we were seeing before, we Okay? So as we were seeing before, we started from the timing, we went through started from the timing, we went through started from the timing, we went through the market state, we went through the the market state, we went through the the market state, we went through the location, go to the step three, that is location, go to the step three, that is location, go to the step three, that is execution or trigger. What you want to execution or trigger. What you want to execution or trigger. What you want to see is aggression. If you are seller, see is aggression. If you are seller, see is aggression. If you are seller, you want a big red ball. Okay? When you you want a big red ball. Okay? When you you want a big red ball. Okay? When you see a big red ball, you can jump in and see a big red ball, you can jump in and see a big red ball, you can jump in and your stop loss will go here and your your stop loss will go here and your your stop loss will go here and your target will be the previous balance target will be the previous balance target will be the previous balance area. Yeah. So, if we are here, the area. Yeah. So, if we are here, the area. Yeah. So, if we are here, the previous balance area, it's here. Let's previous balance area, it's here. Let's previous balance area, it's here. Let's see the P. see the P. see the P. This is our target. And we are going to This is our target. And we are going to This is our target. And we are going to take out not half the position and let take out not half the position and let take out not half the position and let it run. we are going to take out the it run. we are going to take out the it run. we are going to take out the full position because the probability is full position because the probability is full position because the probability is that the market will reverse from it 70% that the market will reverse from it 70% that the market will reverse from it 70% of the time. So we are it's just not of the time. So we are it's just not of the time. So we are it's just not worth to keep the position for only 30% worth to keep the position for only 30% worth to keep the position for only 30% probability more. probability more. probability more. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; better that we take all that we can in &gt;&gt; better that we take all that we can in &gt;&gt; better that we take all that we can in this case. this case. this case. &gt;&gt; Now let's go to the model two and the &gt;&gt; Now let's go to the model two and the &gt;&gt; Now let's go to the model two and the model two is model two is model two is mean reverting. So the model 2 is using the market state So the model 2 is using the market state So the model 2 is using the market state that is the opposite. Yeah. So he's that is the opposite. Yeah. So he's that is the opposite. Yeah. So he's using consolidation. using consolidation. using consolidation. Market state is consolidation and is Market state is consolidation and is Market state is consolidation and is when the profile when the profile when the profile &gt;&gt; is protecting &gt;&gt; is protecting &gt;&gt; is protecting from breaking here and breaking here. from breaking here and breaking here. from breaking here and breaking here. Okay. So you get from here to here to Okay. So you get from here to here to Okay. So you get from here to here to here to here. What we are trying to take here to here. What we are trying to take here to here. What we are trying to take is the out of balance condition that get is the out of balance condition that get is the out of balance condition that get back inside balance. And as I told you, back inside balance. And as I told you, back inside balance. And as I told you, we are not trying to take the first we are not trying to take the first we are not trying to take the first swing because it's risky. Yeah, swing because it's risky. Yeah, swing because it's risky. Yeah, &gt;&gt; we are getting the second swing. So when &gt;&gt; we are getting the second swing. So when &gt;&gt; we are getting the second swing. So when we have the first breakout, we have the first breakout, we have the first breakout, &gt;&gt; we are just waiting for the retracement. &gt;&gt; we are just waiting for the retracement. &gt;&gt; we are just waiting for the retracement. It's the same concept as before. Now the It's the same concept as before. Now the It's the same concept as before. Now the location is this wing. location is this wing. location is this wing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You frame the location, you wait for the &gt;&gt; You frame the location, you wait for the &gt;&gt; You frame the location, you wait for the retracement. retracement. retracement. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So let's consider that this is this &gt;&gt; So let's consider that this is this &gt;&gt; So let's consider that this is this wing. Same stuff low volume node wing. Same stuff low volume node wing. Same stuff low volume node aggression seller consider that we are aggression seller consider that we are aggression seller consider that we are here maybe where we go we don't go here here maybe where we go we don't go here here maybe where we go we don't go here this is an error that everyone is doing this is an error that everyone is doing this is an error that everyone is doing the probability is not high you go here the probability is not high you go here the probability is not high you go here you go to the you go to the you go to the &gt;&gt; where the bulk of the auctions taking &gt;&gt; where the bulk of the auctions taking &gt;&gt; where the bulk of the auctions taking place place place &gt;&gt; where the probability that you will go &gt;&gt; where the probability that you will go &gt;&gt; where the probability that you will go to balance it's really high to balance it's really high to balance it's really high &gt;&gt; and if you are wrong you want to be &gt;&gt; and if you are wrong you want to be &gt;&gt; and if you are wrong you want to be wrong immediately if you have big sell wrong immediately if you have big sell wrong immediately if you have big sell orders here immediately Here it's your orders here immediately Here it's your orders here immediately Here it's your stop loss. A small trick for the stop loss. A small trick for the stop loss. A small trick for the scalpers, aggressive scalpers. There is scalpers, aggressive scalpers. There is scalpers, aggressive scalpers. There is a way to avoid slippage or at least a way to avoid slippage or at least a way to avoid slippage or at least minimize slippage put the stop loss not minimize slippage put the stop loss not minimize slippage put the stop loss not above the high. above the high. above the high. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because above the high there are a lot &gt;&gt; Because above the high there are a lot &gt;&gt; Because above the high there are a lot of orders and what you see is that of orders and what you see is that of orders and what you see is that market will accelerate. Example when you market will accelerate. Example when you market will accelerate. Example when you you take previous daily high, previous you take previous daily high, previous you take previous daily high, previous daily low, previous weekly high, daily low, previous weekly high, daily low, previous weekly high, previous daily low. You see that the previous daily low. You see that the previous daily low. You see that the market even if it's a failu now it's market even if it's a failu now it's market even if it's a failu now it's going down it accelerate. So you lose an going down it accelerate. So you lose an going down it accelerate. So you lose an additional amount of tick that you can additional amount of tick that you can additional amount of tick that you can protect. How you can protect them just protect. How you can protect them just protect. How you can protect them just put your stop loss one or two ticks put your stop loss one or two ticks put your stop loss one or two ticks below the high. below the high. below the high. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So you are taken out before everyone &gt;&gt; So you are taken out before everyone &gt;&gt; So you are taken out before everyone that is before acceleration takes place. that is before acceleration takes place. that is before acceleration takes place. &gt;&gt; And it's worth it. I tested it and it's &gt;&gt; And it's worth it. I tested it and it's &gt;&gt; And it's worth it. I tested it and it's worth it because sometimes you get five worth it because sometimes you get five worth it because sometimes you get five ticks, six tick of and it's a lot ticks, six tick of and it's a lot ticks, six tick of and it's a lot &gt;&gt; because the overall chances of price &gt;&gt; because the overall chances of price &gt;&gt; because the overall chances of price getting to one or two ticks below that getting to one or two ticks below that getting to one or two ticks below that high and then not go for high and then not go for high and then not go for &gt;&gt; not it's almost zero. No, it's not zero. &gt;&gt; not it's almost zero. No, it's not zero. &gt;&gt; not it's almost zero. No, it's not zero. Sometimes it happens and you just want Sometimes it happens and you just want Sometimes it happens and you just want to cut your ends but on the long term to cut your ends but on the long term to cut your ends but on the long term like statistically wise it's worth it. like statistically wise it's worth it. like statistically wise it's worth it. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, &gt;&gt; cuz in this case for example, just to &gt;&gt; cuz in this case for example, just to &gt;&gt; cuz in this case for example, just to recap, so this recap wise, timing wise, recap, so this recap wise, timing wise, recap, so this recap wise, timing wise, you're looking at potentially London, you're looking at potentially London, you're looking at potentially London, &gt;&gt; right? And then in your consolidation &gt;&gt; right? And then in your consolidation &gt;&gt; right? And then in your consolidation periods such as normally your summer periods such as normally your summer periods such as normally your summer months, right? Yes. um just as an months, right? Yes. um just as an months, right? Yes. um just as an example. But in terms of the recapping example. But in terms of the recapping example. But in terms of the recapping the thesis, it's the fact that yes, you the thesis, it's the fact that yes, you the thesis, it's the fact that yes, you know, we're in a range and yes, you know, we're in a range and yes, you know, we're in a range and yes, you could target here because price has could target here because price has could target here because price has shown that yes, we're going from high shown that yes, we're going from high shown that yes, we're going from high down to low, but the highest probability down to low, but the highest probability down to low, but the highest probability is that auction auction area where the is that auction auction area where the is that auction auction area where the bulk of the orders and transactions are bulk of the orders and transactions are bulk of the orders and transactions are taking place versus, okay, yes, we could taking place versus, okay, yes, we could taking place versus, okay, yes, we could get here, but there are chances that we get here, but there are chances that we get here, but there are chances that we could get to there and rebound back up could get to there and rebound back up could get to there and rebound back up to that auction area again or rebound to that auction area again or rebound to that auction area again or rebound back up to the high that there's there's back up to the high that there's there's back up to the high that there's there's too many variables trying to target here too many variables trying to target here too many variables trying to target here or especially lower versus the highest or especially lower versus the highest or especially lower versus the highest probable and that you know it's not probable and that you know it's not probable and that you know it's not guaranteed, nothing's guaranteed, but guaranteed, nothing's guaranteed, but guaranteed, nothing's guaranteed, but the chances are way more in your favor, the chances are way more in your favor, the chances are way more in your favor, especially considering the information especially considering the information especially considering the information you're taking on board. Uh because you're taking on board. Uh because you're taking on board. Uh because again, you're not just entering from the again, you're not just entering from the again, you're not just entering from the first spike out of the range. You're first spike out of the range. You're first spike out of the range. You're going to wait for your confirmation and going to wait for your confirmation and going to wait for your confirmation and then look to execute. then look to execute. then look to execute. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. And then consider that &gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. And then consider that &gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. And then consider that there are some days that they are really there are some days that they are really there are some days that they are really blessed days blessed days blessed days &gt;&gt; where you have this model. &gt;&gt; where you have this model. &gt;&gt; where you have this model. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Then the market breaks the low. you &gt;&gt; Then the market breaks the low. you &gt;&gt; Then the market breaks the low. you activate the second model for New York activate the second model for New York activate the second model for New York and you take two amazing target and you and you take two amazing target and you and you take two amazing target and you are done for the week. are done for the week. are done for the week. &gt;&gt; Um, so yes, these are the the two model. &gt;&gt; Um, so yes, these are the the two model. &gt;&gt; Um, so yes, these are the the two model. Now the tricky part is correctly Now the tricky part is correctly Now the tricky part is correctly identifying the consolidation because identifying the consolidation because identifying the consolidation because you can make it as simple as possible you can make it as simple as possible you can make it as simple as possible and say and say and say &gt;&gt; this is one day. &gt;&gt; this is one day. &gt;&gt; this is one day. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So I use the profile of the previous &gt;&gt; So I use the profile of the previous &gt;&gt; So I use the profile of the previous day. Yeah. day. Yeah. day. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. So it's easy. You don't need to &gt;&gt; Okay. So it's easy. You don't need to &gt;&gt; Okay. So it's easy. You don't need to have headache about it. You just wait have headache about it. You just wait have headache about it. You just wait for the Okay. There is a more advanced for the Okay. There is a more advanced for the Okay. There is a more advanced model where you have more execution model where you have more execution model where you have more execution where you get the ability to identify where you get the ability to identify where you get the ability to identify the consolidation phase. Okay, you just the consolidation phase. Okay, you just the consolidation phase. Okay, you just take an orderflow platform and you see take an orderflow platform and you see take an orderflow platform and you see the compressed candles the compressed candles the compressed candles and you just plot the profile on there. and you just plot the profile on there. and you just plot the profile on there. This is what we were going to do because This is what we were going to do because This is what we were going to do because it needs a little bit more skill. M it needs a little bit more skill. M it needs a little bit more skill. M &gt;&gt; I will explain you pull out the profile &gt;&gt; I will explain you pull out the profile &gt;&gt; I will explain you pull out the profile and I will show you something really and I will show you something really and I will show you something really interesting that not trading view but interesting that not trading view but interesting that not trading view but some orderflow platform are willing to some orderflow platform are willing to some orderflow platform are willing to give you also the delta of the transact give you also the delta of the transact give you also the delta of the transact volume before so you can see for each volume before so you can see for each volume before so you can see for each level who is dominating the market level who is dominating the market level who is dominating the market &gt;&gt; this is really useful because if you see &gt;&gt; this is really useful because if you see &gt;&gt; this is really useful because if you see here that you are going up and is here that you are going up and is here that you are going up and is dominated by buyers it's not the best dominated by buyers it's not the best dominated by buyers it's not the best condition to get a buy trades because condition to get a buy trades because condition to get a buy trades because the probability that you will do this the probability that you will do this the probability that you will do this it's really high. it's really high. it's really high. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; At the same time, if in this area you &gt;&gt; At the same time, if in this area you &gt;&gt; At the same time, if in this area you see a huge delta cell when you break see a huge delta cell when you break see a huge delta cell when you break out, it's your birthday. out, it's your birthday. out, it's your birthday. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You just go for it. &gt;&gt; You just go for it. &gt;&gt; You just go for it. &gt;&gt; Mhm. Should we go over the quickly the &gt;&gt; Mhm. Should we go over the quickly the &gt;&gt; Mhm. Should we go over the quickly the pros and cons and then we'll pull out pros and cons and then we'll pull out pros and cons and then we'll pull out the charts. Let's take a break for a the charts. Let's take a break for a the charts. Let's take a break for a minute there, guys, cuz I want to tell minute there, guys, cuz I want to tell minute there, guys, cuz I want to tell you about our incredible sponsor, you about our incredible sponsor, you about our incredible sponsor, TradeZella. Tradezeller is the number TradeZella. Tradezeller is the number TradeZella. Tradezeller is the number one trading tool in the entire trading one trading tool in the entire trading one trading tool in the entire trading industry. Tradezella allows you to industry. Tradezella allows you to industry. Tradezella allows you to become a more profitable trader. Allows become a more profitable trader. Allows become a more profitable trader. Allows you to make immense progress as a you to make immense progress as a you to make immense progress as a trader, no matter if you're a beginner trader, no matter if you're a beginner trader, no matter if you're a beginner or an advanced level trader, because it or an advanced level trader, because it or an advanced level trader, because it makes journaling easy. It makes makes journaling easy. It makes makes journaling easy. It makes journaling something that is fun and journaling something that is fun and journaling something that is fun and enjoyable and something that is enjoyable and something that is enjoyable and something that is interactive. So, no matter if you're a interactive. So, no matter if you're a interactive. So, no matter if you're a crypto trader, no matter if you're a crypto trader, no matter if you're a crypto trader, no matter if you're a futures trader, no matter if you're a futures trader, no matter if you're a futures trader, no matter if you're a forex trader, no matter if you're a forex trader, no matter if you're a forex trader, no matter if you're a stock trader, all you have to do is stock trader, all you have to do is stock trader, all you have to do is select your broker, your platform of select your broker, your platform of select your broker, your platform of choice, and connect it to Tradesella, choice, and connect it to Tradesella, choice, and connect it to Tradesella, and it will automatically sync your and it will automatically sync your and it will automatically sync your trades and pull all of that data onto trades and pull all of that data onto trades and pull all of that data onto the dashboard, making journaling and the dashboard, making journaling and the dashboard, making journaling and finding your edge and adapting your edge finding your edge and adapting your edge finding your edge and adapting your edge so easy. In collaboration with Tradzella so easy. In collaboration with Tradzella so easy. In collaboration with Tradzella and Chart Fanatic specifically, we are and Chart Fanatic specifically, we are and Chart Fanatic specifically, we are actually getting the playbooks from the actually getting the playbooks from the actually getting the playbooks from the episodes that we're filming with these episodes that we're filming with these episodes that we're filming with these incredible verified traders and adding incredible verified traders and adding incredible verified traders and adding them as playbooks onto Trade Zela. So, them as playbooks onto Trade Zela. So, them as playbooks onto Trade Zela. So, you can actually go on there and see the you can actually go on there and see the you can actually go on there and see the rule sets already predefined. So, make rule sets already predefined. So, make rule sets already predefined. So, make sure you check that out as well. Now, sure you check that out as well. Now, sure you check that out as well. Now, you can actually get 10% off your you can actually get 10% off your you can actually get 10% off your monthly subscription using CF10 on monthly subscription using CF10 on monthly subscription using CF10 on Tradzella right now. But more Tradzella right now. But more Tradzella right now. But more importantly, I would say CF20 for 20% importantly, I would say CF20 for 20% importantly, I would say CF20 for 20% off your yearly subscription with off your yearly subscription with off your yearly subscription with Tradezella. The links for Tradezella are Tradezella. The links for Tradezella are Tradezella. The links for Tradezella are in the description below. So, make sure in the description below. So, make sure in the description below. So, make sure you go check them out. Use CF20, get 20% you go check them out. Use CF20, get 20% you go check them out. Use CF20, get 20% off your yearly subscription, become a off your yearly subscription, become a off your yearly subscription, become a better trader today. Now, let's get back better trader today. Now, let's get back better trader today. Now, let's get back to the episode. to the episode. to the episode. &gt;&gt; Yes. So, let's go on the pros and cons. &gt;&gt; Yes. So, let's go on the pros and cons. &gt;&gt; Yes. So, let's go on the pros and cons. The cons is that if you use the second The cons is that if you use the second The cons is that if you use the second model, compression days are killing you model, compression days are killing you model, compression days are killing you because sometimes because sometimes because sometimes uh especially if you don't work on the uh especially if you don't work on the uh especially if you don't work on the daily profile but you work on the um daily profile but you work on the um daily profile but you work on the um short-term profile that you can trace by short-term profile that you can trace by short-term profile that you can trace by yourself. yourself. yourself. &gt;&gt; Um consolidation is killing your win &gt;&gt; Um consolidation is killing your win &gt;&gt; Um consolidation is killing your win rate because maybe you take five small rate because maybe you take five small rate because maybe you take five small stop-loss. Yeah, stop-loss. Yeah, stop-loss. Yeah, &gt;&gt; five small stop losses maybe a lose a &gt;&gt; five small stop losses maybe a lose a &gt;&gt; five small stop losses maybe a lose a loss on $5,000. loss on $5,000. loss on $5,000. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Then you take one take profit and it's &gt;&gt; Then you take one take profit and it's &gt;&gt; Then you take one take profit and it's like 15 20,000 but at the same time like 15 20,000 but at the same time like 15 20,000 but at the same time psychologically psychologically psychologically the win rate gets lower and if you see a the win rate gets lower and if you see a the win rate gets lower and if you see a lot of red in your account even if at lot of red in your account even if at lot of red in your account even if at the end of the week you are still the end of the week you are still the end of the week you are still profitable it's heavy for beginners profitable it's heavy for beginners profitable it's heavy for beginners &gt;&gt; it's heavy. So one uh bad concept is &gt;&gt; it's heavy. So one uh bad concept is &gt;&gt; it's heavy. So one uh bad concept is consolidation that directly affect win consolidation that directly affect win consolidation that directly affect win rate for the model and this is the rate for the model and this is the rate for the model and this is the reason I created a second model because reason I created a second model because reason I created a second model because when I lose with one when I lose with one when I lose with one &gt;&gt; I make profit with the other one. So &gt;&gt; I make profit with the other one. So &gt;&gt; I make profit with the other one. So it's like balancing the equity curve it's like balancing the equity curve it's like balancing the equity curve giving you more execution but the draw giving you more execution but the draw giving you more execution but the draw down gets lower. So it's worth it. This down gets lower. So it's worth it. This down gets lower. So it's worth it. This is the first cons. The second one is is the first cons. The second one is is the first cons. The second one is it's stress. We need to be honest with it's stress. We need to be honest with it's stress. We need to be honest with it. it. it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. when uh um your trades gets to the &gt;&gt; Yeah. when uh um your trades gets to the &gt;&gt; Yeah. when uh um your trades gets to the level not in a proper but in a real level not in a proper but in a real level not in a proper but in a real account where the single position is account where the single position is account where the single position is worth the salary that you were taking worth the salary that you were taking worth the salary that you were taking for example 10 years ago. for example 10 years ago. for example 10 years ago. &gt;&gt; So you are risking 2,000 3,000 4,000 &gt;&gt; So you are risking 2,000 3,000 4,000 &gt;&gt; So you are risking 2,000 3,000 4,000 5,000 per position and in 2 minutes 3 5,000 per position and in 2 minutes 3 5,000 per position and in 2 minutes 3 minutes you can lose it. minutes you can lose it. minutes you can lose it. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Of course at the end of the month it's &gt;&gt; Of course at the end of the month it's &gt;&gt; Of course at the end of the month it's profitable but on the short term it's profitable but on the short term it's profitable but on the short term it's heavy on the mindset. Yeah. Specifically heavy on the mindset. Yeah. Specifically heavy on the mindset. Yeah. Specifically if you go through the moment and there if you go through the moment and there if you go through the moment and there will be moments where you take streak of will be moments where you take streak of will be moments where you take streak of stop- loss stop- loss stop- loss &gt;&gt; like in the world cup I show &gt;&gt; like in the world cup I show &gt;&gt; like in the world cup I show transparently transparently the trades I transparently transparently the trades I transparently transparently the trades I was taking and one day I received a lot was taking and one day I received a lot was taking and one day I received a lot of insult from the people on the of insult from the people on the of insult from the people on the Instagram because I've been transparent Instagram because I've been transparent Instagram because I've been transparent of one day taking eight stop loss like of one day taking eight stop loss like of one day taking eight stop loss like small stop loss like five tick 10 ticks small stop loss like five tick 10 ticks small stop loss like five tick 10 ticks but a lot of stop loss because it was a but a lot of stop loss because it was a but a lot of stop loss because it was a day that day that day that &gt;&gt; and you risk sometimes 0.2 &gt;&gt; and you risk sometimes 0.2 &gt;&gt; and you risk sometimes 0.2 &gt;&gt; 0.2 2 0.3. So it's &gt;&gt; 0.2 2 0.3. So it's &gt;&gt; 0.2 2 0.3. So it's &gt;&gt; like nice stop loss is 1.8%. 2% is not a &gt;&gt; like nice stop loss is 1.8%. 2% is not a &gt;&gt; like nice stop loss is 1.8%. 2% is not a big amount. You can deal with it. But big amount. You can deal with it. But big amount. You can deal with it. But when you talk to people and you say look when you talk to people and you say look when you talk to people and you say look I took nine stop loss. You see learn to I took nine stop loss. You see learn to I took nine stop loss. You see learn to trade. trade. trade. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So so so they they just think that a &gt;&gt; So so so they they just think that a &gt;&gt; So so so they they just think that a profitable trader is a trader that profitable trader is a trader that profitable trader is a trader that having a huge amount of win rate. They having a huge amount of win rate. They having a huge amount of win rate. They don't consider that maybe the stop loss don't consider that maybe the stop loss don't consider that maybe the stop loss are incredibly smaller than gains. are incredibly smaller than gains. are incredibly smaller than gains. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So the the stress part and the the &gt;&gt; Yeah. So the the stress part and the the &gt;&gt; Yeah. So the the stress part and the the third cons is the time commitment. third cons is the time commitment. third cons is the time commitment. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Like to execute this model you cannot do &gt;&gt; Like to execute this model you cannot do &gt;&gt; Like to execute this model you cannot do it as an hobby. You cannot do it as a it as an hobby. You cannot do it as a it as an hobby. You cannot do it as a side hustle. You need to be in on the side hustle. You need to be in on the side hustle. You need to be in on the screen from the starting of the newer screen from the starting of the newer screen from the starting of the newer session to the end because the position session to the end because the position session to the end because the position not only need to be executed is set and not only need to be executed is set and not only need to be executed is set and don't forget it's set and check is don't forget it's set and check is don't forget it's set and check is something like this because you need to something like this because you need to something like this because you need to trail your stop you need to manage trail your stop you need to manage trail your stop you need to manage &gt;&gt; there's a model for real traders. This &gt;&gt; there's a model for real traders. This &gt;&gt; there's a model for real traders. This is very is very is very &gt;&gt; this is a model if you want that trading &gt;&gt; this is a model if you want that trading &gt;&gt; this is a model if you want that trading gets your fulltime income. Yeah. Okay. gets your fulltime income. Yeah. Okay. gets your fulltime income. Yeah. Okay. Now on the London session I manage three Now on the London session I manage three Now on the London session I manage three I manage companies with my business I manage companies with my business I manage companies with my business partner but in the new year session partner but in the new year session partner but in the new year session three or four hours I do this three or four hours I do this three or four hours I do this &gt;&gt; and it's necessary you cannot just get &gt;&gt; and it's necessary you cannot just get &gt;&gt; and it's necessary you cannot just get out you can't just decide that after a out you can't just decide that after a out you can't just decide that after a certain time you don't open trades so certain time you don't open trades so certain time you don't open trades so you can enjoy dinner that's of course you can enjoy dinner that's of course you can enjoy dinner that's of course can be can be something good on the pros can be can be something good on the pros can be can be something good on the pros the first one is the first one is the first one is number of trades number of trades number of trades Why this is good? Why this is good? Why this is good? &gt;&gt; Because draw down gets covered really &gt;&gt; Because draw down gets covered really &gt;&gt; Because draw down gets covered really fast if you have a big profit factor and fast if you have a big profit factor and fast if you have a big profit factor and sharper ratio. So you can take nine stop sharper ratio. So you can take nine stop sharper ratio. So you can take nine stop loss for the day but by the end of the loss for the day but by the end of the loss for the day but by the end of the week I was again in profit. I was high week I was again in profit. I was high week I was again in profit. I was high watermark. So I was creating new high on watermark. So I was creating new high on watermark. So I was creating new high on the equity equity curve the equity equity curve the equity equity curve &gt;&gt; and uh also a big number of trades &gt;&gt; and uh also a big number of trades &gt;&gt; and uh also a big number of trades creates something interesting for hedge creates something interesting for hedge creates something interesting for hedge funds that wants to give you capital. funds that wants to give you capital. funds that wants to give you capital. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Because a model that in 12 months does &gt;&gt; Because a model that in 12 months does &gt;&gt; Because a model that in 12 months does 2,400 execution is more respected than a 2,400 execution is more respected than a 2,400 execution is more respected than a long-term model that in 12 months have long-term model that in 12 months have long-term model that in 12 months have 30 trades. 30 trades. 30 trades. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because the data sample wise this model &gt;&gt; Because the data sample wise this model &gt;&gt; Because the data sample wise this model is more valuable. is more valuable. is more valuable. &gt;&gt; Interesting. It's giving you a lot of &gt;&gt; Interesting. It's giving you a lot of &gt;&gt; Interesting. It's giving you a lot of room of improvement and is giving you a room of improvement and is giving you a room of improvement and is giving you a lot of data analysis that you can input lot of data analysis that you can input lot of data analysis that you can input &gt;&gt; and you understand really fast if your &gt;&gt; and you understand really fast if your &gt;&gt; and you understand really fast if your model is not working properly in certain model is not working properly in certain model is not working properly in certain market condition market condition market condition &gt;&gt; because for example I have a benchmark &gt;&gt; because for example I have a benchmark &gt;&gt; because for example I have a benchmark that is the maximum amount of stop- loss that is the maximum amount of stop- loss that is the maximum amount of stop- loss I've taken that is 11 stop loss I've taken that is 11 stop loss I've taken that is 11 stop loss &gt;&gt; okay &gt;&gt; okay &gt;&gt; okay &gt;&gt; it's a humbling experience &gt;&gt; it's a humbling experience &gt;&gt; it's a humbling experience &gt;&gt; but you know that the market can stay in &gt;&gt; but you know that the market can stay in &gt;&gt; but you know that the market can stay in compression for one full week compression for one full week compression for one full week &gt;&gt; you know that every day it's a fake &gt;&gt; you know that every day it's a fake &gt;&gt; you know that every day it's a fake breakout for one week. I saw the last breakout for one week. I saw the last breakout for one week. I saw the last videos of Carmen Rosato. He was like videos of Carmen Rosato. He was like videos of Carmen Rosato. He was like taking a huge amount of uh stop-loss taking a huge amount of uh stop-loss taking a huge amount of uh stop-loss like for 3 weeks, but he's still in like for 3 weeks, but he's still in like for 3 weeks, but he's still in profit for the month. profit for the month. profit for the month. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; That's the good part about scalper, the &gt;&gt; That's the good part about scalper, the &gt;&gt; That's the good part about scalper, the number of execution, and it's really number of execution, and it's really number of execution, and it's really easy to go back in profit. easy to go back in profit. easy to go back in profit. &gt;&gt; The second good part about trading with &gt;&gt; The second good part about trading with &gt;&gt; The second good part about trading with this model is that this model is that this model is that you don't need headache. you don't need headache. you don't need headache. Why you don't need headache? because the Why you don't need headache? because the Why you don't need headache? because the prediction part is not there. prediction part is not there. prediction part is not there. &gt;&gt; You are just paid to read what the &gt;&gt; You are just paid to read what the &gt;&gt; You are just paid to read what the market is telling you. So I don't need market is telling you. So I don't need market is telling you. So I don't need to start to say considering the angle of to start to say considering the angle of to start to say considering the angle of gun maybe the price will skyrocket to gun maybe the price will skyrocket to gun maybe the price will skyrocket to this price because this no just this price because this no just this price because this no just &gt;&gt; this is the market state. This is the &gt;&gt; this is the market state. This is the &gt;&gt; this is the market state. This is the location. This is the aggression. This location. This is the aggression. This location. This is the aggression. This is this is my trades. Mhm. is this is my trades. Mhm. is this is my trades. Mhm. &gt;&gt; And another good part, maybe this is the &gt;&gt; And another good part, maybe this is the &gt;&gt; And another good part, maybe this is the best part. I should have put this that best part. I should have put this that best part. I should have put this that you cannot do revenge trading because if you cannot do revenge trading because if you cannot do revenge trading because if you don't have the condition to trade you don't have the condition to trade you don't have the condition to trade when you trade large amount of size, you when you trade large amount of size, you when you trade large amount of size, you just don't feel confident to execute. just don't feel confident to execute. just don't feel confident to execute. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; If there are not the condition of &gt;&gt; If there are not the condition of &gt;&gt; If there are not the condition of aggression just it's not worth it to to aggression just it's not worth it to to aggression just it's not worth it to to do it. So the the third part is just do it. So the the third part is just do it. So the the third part is just there is no headache in deciding and no there is no headache in deciding and no there is no headache in deciding and no revenge trading in executing something revenge trading in executing something revenge trading in executing something that is not there. that is not there. that is not there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know with projection I don't know if &gt;&gt; You know with projection I don't know if &gt;&gt; You know with projection I don't know if you ever experience it but sometimes you you ever experience it but sometimes you you ever experience it but sometimes you see something that is not there just see something that is not there just see something that is not there just because you want to trade. So you create because you want to trade. So you create because you want to trade. So you create the setup the setup the setup &gt;&gt; well you can have a bias and then if &gt;&gt; well you can have a bias and then if &gt;&gt; well you can have a bias and then if let's say one time frame isn't giving let's say one time frame isn't giving let's say one time frame isn't giving you that bias you can just filter you that bias you can just filter you that bias you can just filter through until you find one. Like our through until you find one. Like our through until you find one. Like our time 10 time frames let's say eight of time 10 time frames let's say eight of time 10 time frames let's say eight of them are long but you want to be short. them are long but you want to be short. them are long but you want to be short. You'll just go to the one that says You'll just go to the one that says You'll just go to the one that says sure. Yeah. You know. sure. Yeah. You know. sure. Yeah. You know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. This is something that uh I &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. This is something that uh I &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. This is something that uh I also did it like our ego is bringing us also did it like our ego is bringing us also did it like our ego is bringing us to the condition that if we say in our to the condition that if we say in our to the condition that if we say in our mind that the bias for the day long as mind that the bias for the day long as mind that the bias for the day long as and the news are long we will just take and the news are long we will just take and the news are long we will just take every demand here every demand here every demand here &gt;&gt; because we think every demand that is &gt;&gt; because we think every demand that is &gt;&gt; because we think every demand that is getting break it's a fake getting break it's a fake getting break it's a fake &gt;&gt; and even down here &gt;&gt; and even down here &gt;&gt; and even down here &gt;&gt; even say it's taking liquidity &gt;&gt; even say it's taking liquidity &gt;&gt; even say it's taking liquidity &gt;&gt; till this wing doesn't get st out and of &gt;&gt; till this wing doesn't get st out and of &gt;&gt; till this wing doesn't get st out and of course this is a liquidation. So you course this is a liquidation. So you course this is a liquidation. So you also trade the reverse and then when you also trade the reverse and then when you also trade the reverse and then when you get destroyed you get destroyed you get destroyed you &gt;&gt; that's normally the last last resort &gt;&gt; that's normally the last last resort &gt;&gt; that's normally the last last resort right right right &gt;&gt; last resort. Yes. &gt;&gt; last resort. Yes. &gt;&gt; last resort. Yes. &gt;&gt; But another pro is that it's a high risk &gt;&gt; But another pro is that it's a high risk &gt;&gt; But another pro is that it's a high risk it can be a high risk to reward. it can be a high risk to reward. it can be a high risk to reward. &gt;&gt; It can huge risk to reward when uh it's &gt;&gt; It can huge risk to reward when uh it's &gt;&gt; It can huge risk to reward when uh it's not common. I need to be honest but when not common. I need to be honest but when not common. I need to be honest but when NASDAQ is pushing is pushing heavy NASDAQ is pushing is pushing heavy NASDAQ is pushing is pushing heavy &gt;&gt; and when you are in from the breakout of &gt;&gt; and when you are in from the breakout of &gt;&gt; and when you are in from the breakout of the level and you are because you need the level and you are because you need the level and you are because you need to consider that our target is the P. to consider that our target is the P. to consider that our target is the P. Okay. If you are here there is no P Okay. If you are here there is no P Okay. If you are here there is no P because you are creating value up. because you are creating value up. because you are creating value up. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; So you just decide to trail for the day. &gt;&gt; So you just decide to trail for the day. &gt;&gt; So you just decide to trail for the day. &gt;&gt; Trail. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Trail. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Trail. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Sometimes you get some 1 to 30 1 &gt;&gt; Okay. Sometimes you get some 1 to 30 1 &gt;&gt; Okay. Sometimes you get some 1 to 30 1 to 40. It's not common but it can to 40. It's not common but it can to 40. It's not common but it can happen. happen. happen. &gt;&gt; But even high risk reward like 1 to 4 1 &gt;&gt; But even high risk reward like 1 to 4 1 &gt;&gt; But even high risk reward like 1 to 4 1 to 5 that's a common reassurance. to 5 that's a common reassurance. to 5 that's a common reassurance. &gt;&gt; One to one to 2.5 is the minimum. &gt;&gt; One to one to 2.5 is the minimum. &gt;&gt; One to one to 2.5 is the minimum. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; 1 to five is common. &gt;&gt; 1 to five is common. &gt;&gt; 1 to five is common. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; 1 to 10 20 is not common. It only when I &gt;&gt; 1 to 10 20 is not common. It only when I &gt;&gt; 1 to 10 20 is not common. It only when I do 1 to 10 1 to 20 it means that you see do 1 to 10 1 to 20 it means that you see do 1 to 10 1 to 20 it means that you see on the NASDAQ 2% 3% for the day. on the NASDAQ 2% 3% for the day. on the NASDAQ 2% 3% for the day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So it means that I really follow the &gt;&gt; So it means that I really follow the &gt;&gt; So it means that I really follow the market properly but I cannot do 1 to 10 market properly but I cannot do 1 to 10 market properly but I cannot do 1 to 10 if the market is doing 0.25 for the day if the market is doing 0.25 for the day if the market is doing 0.25 for the day 0.5 like I'm in tune with it like I I 0.5 like I'm in tune with it like I I 0.5 like I'm in tune with it like I I &gt;&gt; plus it's not like you're focused on &gt;&gt; plus it's not like you're focused on &gt;&gt; plus it's not like you're focused on risk-to-reward. It's just part of the risk-to-reward. It's just part of the risk-to-reward. It's just part of the model. You're focused on understanding model. You're focused on understanding model. You're focused on understanding what's going on and then reacting and what's going on and then reacting and what's going on and then reacting and following your model accordingly. following your model accordingly. following your model accordingly. &gt;&gt; Yeah. When when your model and when your &gt;&gt; Yeah. When when your model and when your &gt;&gt; Yeah. When when your model and when your primary focus gets to protection of primary focus gets to protection of primary focus gets to protection of capital and risk management, capital and risk management, capital and risk management, &gt;&gt; you increase the profit. &gt;&gt; you increase the profit. &gt;&gt; you increase the profit. &gt;&gt; Definitely &gt;&gt; Definitely &gt;&gt; Definitely &gt;&gt; like when you put your focus on &gt;&gt; like when you put your focus on &gt;&gt; like when you put your focus on something that you think it's not something that you think it's not something that you think it's not directly related is when you make the directly related is when you make the directly related is when you make the most amount of profit. most amount of profit. most amount of profit. &gt;&gt; Well, now let's go into well the charts &gt;&gt; Well, now let's go into well the charts &gt;&gt; Well, now let's go into well the charts I guess the actual trade examples. Yeah. I guess the actual trade examples. Yeah. I guess the actual trade examples. Yeah. So, as we've established, this is truly So, as we've established, this is truly So, as we've established, this is truly a strategy and playbook for real a strategy and playbook for real a strategy and playbook for real traders. traders who really want to not traders. traders who really want to not traders. traders who really want to not only trade but understand the markets at only trade but understand the markets at only trade but understand the markets at a deep level. So now we're actually a deep level. So now we're actually a deep level. So now we're actually going to go over trade examples on the going to go over trade examples on the going to go over trade examples on the charts uh of those same playbooks and uh charts uh of those same playbooks and uh charts uh of those same playbooks and uh what do we have in front of us here? what do we have in front of us here? what do we have in front of us here? &gt;&gt; So this is a orderflow platform is a &gt;&gt; So this is a orderflow platform is a &gt;&gt; So this is a orderflow platform is a deep chart and uh what we have here is deep chart and uh what we have here is deep chart and uh what we have here is volume profile uh distribution profile volume profile uh distribution profile volume profile uh distribution profile of specific consolidation area. So what of specific consolidation area. So what of specific consolidation area. So what I was explaining to you before is that I was explaining to you before is that I was explaining to you before is that you can make it stupid simple putting you can make it stupid simple putting you can make it stupid simple putting just daily profile. You can do this also just daily profile. You can do this also just daily profile. You can do this also from trading view. Maybe the volume will from trading view. Maybe the volume will from trading view. Maybe the volume will not be as precise as this or you can not be as precise as this or you can not be as precise as this or you can just do it um identifying the most just do it um identifying the most just do it um identifying the most interesting compression area. As you can interesting compression area. As you can interesting compression area. As you can see here they are clearly visible where see here they are clearly visible where see here they are clearly visible where the market didn't transacted higher or the market didn't transacted higher or the market didn't transacted higher or lower. It just stayed in compression. I lower. It just stayed in compression. I lower. It just stayed in compression. I use every day this area. And what I use every day this area. And what I use every day this area. And what I wanted to show you before is exactly wanted to show you before is exactly wanted to show you before is exactly this. You see here is the volume. Okay, this. You see here is the volume. Okay, this. You see here is the volume. Okay, this is the volume. This is how much this is the volume. This is how much this is the volume. This is how much volume is transacted per price level. volume is transacted per price level. volume is transacted per price level. This blue line is the value area. So This blue line is the value area. So This blue line is the value area. So every time you see the model in every time you see the model in every time you see the model in consolidation when it gets back, get consolidation when it gets back, get consolidation when it gets back, get back in target. back in target. back in target. &gt;&gt; Get back in target &gt;&gt; Get back in target &gt;&gt; Get back in target &gt;&gt; up get back in target &gt;&gt; up get back in target &gt;&gt; up get back in target &gt;&gt; down get back in target. &gt;&gt; down get back in target. &gt;&gt; down get back in target. &gt;&gt; This one will be stop loss. But you have &gt;&gt; This one will be stop loss. But you have &gt;&gt; This one will be stop loss. But you have the second model. You have the execution the second model. You have the execution the second model. You have the execution model of this in this consolidation. We model of this in this consolidation. We model of this in this consolidation. We need also to be honest that you don't need also to be honest that you don't need also to be honest that you don't identify it immediately. You need you identify it immediately. You need you identify it immediately. You need you can identify maybe from here you can can identify maybe from here you can can identify maybe from here you can take these two trades. This one is take these two trades. This one is take these two trades. This one is really uncommon because you start to see really uncommon because you start to see really uncommon because you start to see the real compression. Yeah. It's too the real compression. Yeah. It's too the real compression. Yeah. It's too early. Exactly. early. Exactly. early. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Now what is interesting is that you can &gt;&gt; Now what is interesting is that you can &gt;&gt; Now what is interesting is that you can frame also the delta. What is the delta? frame also the delta. What is the delta? frame also the delta. What is the delta? The measure amount of volume getting The measure amount of volume getting The measure amount of volume getting transacted from one side on one place transacted from one side on one place transacted from one side on one place level. the aggression and if you see level. the aggression and if you see level. the aggression and if you see here look how much is big the delta is here look how much is big the delta is here look how much is big the delta is exactly at the level where they exactly at the level where they exactly at the level where they accumulate the last time and created accumulate the last time and created accumulate the last time and created this extreme breakout. Okay, this one this extreme breakout. Okay, this one this extreme breakout. Okay, this one here I will also explain you later why here I will also explain you later why here I will also explain you later why the news catalyst is something where a the news catalyst is something where a the news catalyst is something where a lot of people think that the market is lot of people think that the market is lot of people think that the market is seeking liquidity but at the moment this seeking liquidity but at the moment this seeking liquidity but at the moment this movement is make because market maker go movement is make because market maker go movement is make because market maker go out of the market. out of the market. out of the market. &gt;&gt; So the volatility gets higher because &gt;&gt; So the volatility gets higher because &gt;&gt; So the volatility gets higher because you have less limit orders and in this you have less limit orders and in this you have less limit orders and in this case uh the market explode up to create case uh the market explode up to create case uh the market explode up to create a new level of balance. So in this case a new level of balance. So in this case a new level of balance. So in this case we have reversion model, reversion we have reversion model, reversion we have reversion model, reversion model, reversion model, reversion model model, reversion model, reversion model model, reversion model, reversion model and stop here probably and stop here probably and stop here probably &gt;&gt; aggressive model here breakout and we &gt;&gt; aggressive model here breakout and we &gt;&gt; aggressive model here breakout and we will go deep dive in the lower time will go deep dive in the lower time will go deep dive in the lower time frame because now we are in 5 minutes frame because now we are in 5 minutes frame because now we are in 5 minutes then we will drop down to 1 minute. This then we will drop down to 1 minute. This then we will drop down to 1 minute. This model can be used in every time frame model can be used in every time frame model can be used in every time frame like to give to the audience a little like to give to the audience a little like to give to the audience a little bit of reference. You can either do 15 bit of reference. You can either do 15 bit of reference. You can either do 15 minutes 3 minutes, you can do 1 hour 5 minutes 3 minutes, you can do 1 hour 5 minutes 3 minutes, you can do 1 hour 5 minutes minutes minutes &gt;&gt; or you can do the most aggressive one. &gt;&gt; or you can do the most aggressive one. &gt;&gt; or you can do the most aggressive one. That is what I do. 5 minutes 1 minute. That is what I do. 5 minutes 1 minute. That is what I do. 5 minutes 1 minute. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So 5 minutes is to watch the breakout &gt;&gt; So 5 minutes is to watch the breakout &gt;&gt; So 5 minutes is to watch the breakout candle. Okay. This one I don't go deep candle. Okay. This one I don't go deep candle. Okay. This one I don't go deep dive inside it because it's impossible dive inside it because it's impossible dive inside it because it's impossible to execute. You see it went out of to execute. You see it went out of to execute. You see it went out of balance. No retracement, low volatility, balance. No retracement, low volatility, balance. No retracement, low volatility, low liquidity. So it's impossible to low liquidity. So it's impossible to low liquidity. So it's impossible to take. Then we will go to this one that take. Then we will go to this one that take. Then we will go to this one that is the 23 is this morning. is the 23 is this morning. is the 23 is this morning. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. This morning we will see exactly &gt;&gt; Okay. This morning we will see exactly &gt;&gt; Okay. This morning we will see exactly how the model play out perfectly on the how the model play out perfectly on the how the model play out perfectly on the trend following side. So I will show you trend following side. So I will show you trend following side. So I will show you how also the model behaves in London how also the model behaves in London how also the model behaves in London session. Even if I only use this in New session. Even if I only use this in New session. Even if I only use this in New York session, the model really works as York session, the model really works as York session, the model really works as also reversion model in London and New also reversion model in London and New also reversion model in London and New York. Yeah, I want to show you the York. Yeah, I want to show you the York. Yeah, I want to show you the entity of the momentum to explain you entity of the momentum to explain you entity of the momentum to explain you why I do New York. This is New York. why I do New York. This is New York. why I do New York. This is New York. This is you see how much is compressed This is you see how much is compressed This is you see how much is compressed more retracement. This when you take it, more retracement. This when you take it, more retracement. This when you take it, it just explode. Yeah. it just explode. Yeah. it just explode. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And this is what I was trying to explain &gt;&gt; And this is what I was trying to explain &gt;&gt; And this is what I was trying to explain you before as the flow getting in tune you before as the flow getting in tune you before as the flow getting in tune with the flow. So what we do now that with the flow. So what we do now that with the flow. So what we do now that our area are clear, we can go to one our area are clear, we can go to one our area are clear, we can go to one minute time frame and we will start with the first one. and we will start with the first one. and we will start with the first one. Okay. What we have here is the previous Okay. What we have here is the previous Okay. What we have here is the previous area. This is the value area high. This area. This is the value area high. This area. This is the value area high. This is the value area low. This is the poke. is the value area low. This is the poke. is the value area low. This is the poke. Okay. So, we are clearly out of balance Okay. So, we are clearly out of balance Okay. So, we are clearly out of balance from this movement. from this movement. from this movement. &gt;&gt; You can either be aggressive or just say &gt;&gt; You can either be aggressive or just say &gt;&gt; You can either be aggressive or just say I want to clear out also the high. I want to clear out also the high. I want to clear out also the high. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, I just want that there is no &gt;&gt; So, I just want that there is no &gt;&gt; So, I just want that there is no obstacles in my explosion higher. This obstacles in my explosion higher. This obstacles in my explosion higher. This is something that I usually do. I don't is something that I usually do. I don't is something that I usually do. I don't transact only when you break out. I wait transact only when you break out. I wait transact only when you break out. I wait because it can be the reversion model because it can be the reversion model because it can be the reversion model here, you know. here, you know. here, you know. &gt;&gt; Then what we do, this is &gt;&gt; Then what we do, this is &gt;&gt; Then what we do, this is the magic. the magic. the magic. We activate the orders that are getting We activate the orders that are getting We activate the orders that are getting filter for the amount of aggression. filter for the amount of aggression. filter for the amount of aggression. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. So my filter usually is around 20 &gt;&gt; Okay. So my filter usually is around 20 &gt;&gt; Okay. So my filter usually is around 20 to 30. Okay. In this case, I think it's to 30. Okay. In this case, I think it's to 30. Okay. In this case, I think it's pretty visible. And this is the best pretty visible. And this is the best pretty visible. And this is the best example you can have. Look how much is example you can have. Look how much is example you can have. Look how much is balanced. Look what happens when balanced. Look what happens when balanced. Look what happens when momentum is building. momentum is building. momentum is building. &gt;&gt; So what I was saying to you even before &gt;&gt; So what I was saying to you even before &gt;&gt; So what I was saying to you even before the breakout, if you know how this stuff the breakout, if you know how this stuff the breakout, if you know how this stuff works, can you understand that something works, can you understand that something works, can you understand that something is happening here? is happening here? is happening here? &gt;&gt; You are going from small orders balance &gt;&gt; You are going from small orders balance &gt;&gt; You are going from small orders balance to to to &gt;&gt; someone buying aggressively and &gt;&gt; someone buying aggressively and &gt;&gt; someone buying aggressively and continuation aggressively. Also look at continuation aggressively. Also look at continuation aggressively. Also look at the amount of big orders that you have the amount of big orders that you have the amount of big orders that you have in bullish momentum and in bearish in bullish momentum and in bearish in bullish momentum and in bearish momentum. So you can clearly understand momentum. So you can clearly understand momentum. So you can clearly understand if you are following the flow or not. So if you are following the flow or not. So if you are following the flow or not. So the trades here the trades here the trades here is like I was saying before either the is like I was saying before either the is like I was saying before either the momentum continuation trades that you momentum continuation trades that you momentum continuation trades that you get framing the level with a huge get framing the level with a huge get framing the level with a huge presence of buy aggression and this is presence of buy aggression and this is presence of buy aggression and this is another model that I also show on another model that I also show on another model that I also show on YouTube that is just not because this YouTube that is just not because this YouTube that is just not because this stuff happens in one minute. Okay. So stuff happens in one minute. Okay. So stuff happens in one minute. Okay. So every candle is one minute. You can every candle is one minute. You can every candle is one minute. You can either be fast and use only big orders either be fast and use only big orders either be fast and use only big orders or just as I was saying before plot the or just as I was saying before plot the or just as I was saying before plot the profile from the beginning to the end of profile from the beginning to the end of profile from the beginning to the end of the impulse and say look let's zoom out the impulse and say look let's zoom out the impulse and say look let's zoom out in here what we have we have a lack of in here what we have we have a lack of in here what we have we have a lack of volume here. volume here. volume here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So there is a huge area that we can use &gt;&gt; So there is a huge area that we can use &gt;&gt; So there is a huge area that we can use as a low volume node. as a low volume node. as a low volume node. &gt;&gt; Okay. So when you have the retracement &gt;&gt; Okay. So when you have the retracement &gt;&gt; Okay. So when you have the retracement and you get close to the area, you can and you get close to the area, you can and you get close to the area, you can decide to take this as an aggression decide to take this as an aggression decide to take this as an aggression &gt;&gt; or &gt;&gt; or &gt;&gt; or I will take this one as an aggression. I will take this one as an aggression. I will take this one as an aggression. Okay, maybe you enter here, you have the Okay, maybe you enter here, you have the Okay, maybe you enter here, you have the mitigation of the level and then you mitigation of the level and then you mitigation of the level and then you have just continuation. Now the more you have just continuation. Now the more you have just continuation. Now the more you wait to enter, the more it gets risky. wait to enter, the more it gets risky. wait to enter, the more it gets risky. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because if you enter here, you are &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because if you enter here, you are &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because if you enter here, you are getting to a point where sellers can say getting to a point where sellers can say getting to a point where sellers can say it's too expensive the price. I went out it's too expensive the price. I went out it's too expensive the price. I went out of balance. But you want to be in fast of balance. But you want to be in fast of balance. But you want to be in fast and close fast. and close fast. and close fast. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So from here you can just identify from &gt;&gt; So from here you can just identify from &gt;&gt; So from here you can just identify from when the aggression is still bullish. when the aggression is still bullish. when the aggression is still bullish. &gt;&gt; I will start to be a little bit afraid &gt;&gt; I will start to be a little bit afraid &gt;&gt; I will start to be a little bit afraid here. I will start to say look the here. I will start to say look the here. I will start to say look the market is compressing again. The sellers market is compressing again. The sellers market is compressing again. The sellers are starting to fight back this huge are starting to fight back this huge are starting to fight back this huge momentum. Yeah. momentum. Yeah. momentum. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So maybe I can put my stop loss in &gt;&gt; So maybe I can put my stop loss in &gt;&gt; So maybe I can put my stop loss in profit. profit. profit. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Below this low. &gt;&gt; Below this low. &gt;&gt; Below this low. &gt;&gt; Then what happens that the market &gt;&gt; Then what happens that the market &gt;&gt; Then what happens that the market against you don't need to be a wizard. against you don't need to be a wizard. against you don't need to be a wizard. The market give you clues because this The market give you clues because this The market give you clues because this breakout you see it's participated by breakout you see it's participated by breakout you see it's participated by huge buyers. huge buyers. huge buyers. The sellers try to get control back The sellers try to get control back The sellers try to get control back here. But what the market print a week. here. But what the market print a week. here. But what the market print a week. So it means that they cannot control the So it means that they cannot control the So it means that they cannot control the movement. And I would completely take movement. And I would completely take movement. And I would completely take out the position where I see that out the position where I see that out the position where I see that because big sellers no follow up small because big sellers no follow up small because big sellers no follow up small sellers big sellers huge follow up sellers big sellers huge follow up sellers big sellers huge follow up &gt;&gt; and close &gt;&gt; and close &gt;&gt; and close &gt;&gt; on this candle you can go out you can go &gt;&gt; on this candle you can go out you can go &gt;&gt; on this candle you can go out you can go out on stop loss in profit or you can go out on stop loss in profit or you can go out on stop loss in profit or you can go out when you reach your risk-to-reward out when you reach your risk-to-reward out when you reach your risk-to-reward rates. rates. rates. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Because with this as an example just to &gt;&gt; Because with this as an example just to &gt;&gt; Because with this as an example just to highlight. highlight. highlight. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So as you say &gt;&gt; So as you say &gt;&gt; So as you say &gt;&gt; sellers no follow through but &gt;&gt; sellers no follow through but &gt;&gt; sellers no follow through but consolidation. Yes, consolidation. Yes, consolidation. Yes, &gt;&gt; we continue. We break out. We see the &gt;&gt; we continue. We break out. We see the &gt;&gt; we continue. We break out. We see the buyers buyers buyers &gt;&gt; again from the low. &gt;&gt; again from the low. &gt;&gt; again from the low. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Wick, but no follow through. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Wick, but no follow through. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Wick, but no follow through. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; But could you say that these sellers are &gt;&gt; But could you say that these sellers are &gt;&gt; But could you say that these sellers are entering, they're maybe not getting entering, they're maybe not getting entering, they're maybe not getting stopped out, they're still in the stopped out, they're still in the stopped out, they're still in the market. So then when you finally see the market. So then when you finally see the market. So then when you finally see the sellers and then the follow through now, sellers and then the follow through now, sellers and then the follow through now, you know, you you use this buildup of you know, you you use this buildup of you know, you you use this buildup of sellers previously in included as well. sellers previously in included as well. sellers previously in included as well. &gt;&gt; What what I use ex is exactly what you &gt;&gt; What what I use ex is exactly what you &gt;&gt; What what I use ex is exactly what you see. What I use is volume spread see. What I use is volume spread see. What I use is volume spread analysis. That is the relationship analysis. That is the relationship analysis. That is the relationship between price and volume. So if I see between price and volume. So if I see between price and volume. So if I see like you were saying here sellers, okay, like you were saying here sellers, okay, like you were saying here sellers, okay, &gt;&gt; trying to push the market down &gt;&gt; trying to push the market down &gt;&gt; trying to push the market down &gt;&gt; but they are punching a wall. They are &gt;&gt; but they are punching a wall. They are &gt;&gt; but they are punching a wall. They are not going through. not going through. not going through. &gt;&gt; So what they are doing they can either &gt;&gt; So what they are doing they can either &gt;&gt; So what they are doing they can either stay still inside the position if this stay still inside the position if this stay still inside the position if this movement stop them out. movement stop them out. movement stop them out. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; The market will accelerate of course. &gt;&gt; The market will accelerate of course. &gt;&gt; The market will accelerate of course. Okay. So what I see is that this Okay. So what I see is that this Okay. So what I see is that this aggression is the first one in all this aggression is the first one in all this aggression is the first one in all this movement that print this huge candle. movement that print this huge candle. movement that print this huge candle. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Why staying in a movement that is &gt;&gt; Yeah. Why staying in a movement that is &gt;&gt; Yeah. Why staying in a movement that is saying we are getting the control is saying we are getting the control is saying we are getting the control is like getting inside a world and being by like getting inside a world and being by like getting inside a world and being by the side of the weak the side of the weak the side of the weak &gt;&gt; parties like doesn't make sense. And &gt;&gt; parties like doesn't make sense. And &gt;&gt; parties like doesn't make sense. And from here you can see that participation from here you can see that participation from here you can see that participation is mainly by the sellers. is mainly by the sellers. is mainly by the sellers. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I want to show you something. I want to &gt;&gt; I want to show you something. I want to &gt;&gt; I want to show you something. I want to clear a little bit and get back remember clear a little bit and get back remember clear a little bit and get back remember how the volume is inside this area. how the volume is inside this area. how the volume is inside this area. Yeah. Okay. Let's remove for one second Yeah. Okay. Let's remove for one second Yeah. Okay. Let's remove for one second the big trades and let's go here. the big trades and let's go here. the big trades and let's go here. You agree that this is a compression You agree that this is a compression You agree that this is a compression area? area? area? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Okay. Let's print it. You see that the market is not accepting You see that the market is not accepting You see that the market is not accepting below the value area because what below the value area because what below the value area because what happens is that here is transaction happens is that here is transaction happens is that here is transaction incorrectly but every time they go deep incorrectly but every time they go deep incorrectly but every time they go deep discount buyers enter aggressively and discount buyers enter aggressively and discount buyers enter aggressively and get back the the position here. This is get back the the position here. This is get back the the position here. This is exactly what's happening. Let's go on exactly what's happening. Let's go on exactly what's happening. Let's go on the today price action. And so we we saw one New York And so we we saw one New York And so we we saw one New York &gt;&gt; and we watch one London session and this &gt;&gt; and we watch one London session and this &gt;&gt; and we watch one London session and this is not a normal London session. This is is not a normal London session. This is is not a normal London session. This is a London session. This is after the a London session. This is after the a London session. This is after the bombing of Iran. So the volatility it's bombing of Iran. So the volatility it's bombing of Iran. So the volatility it's even higher than a usual London session even higher than a usual London session even higher than a usual London session because the market needs to rebalance because the market needs to rebalance because the market needs to rebalance this gap. this gap. this gap. &gt;&gt; Same situation rates. So &gt;&gt; Same situation rates. So &gt;&gt; Same situation rates. So if I tell you forget about everything, if I tell you forget about everything, if I tell you forget about everything, it's here. Just tell me in which area it's here. Just tell me in which area it's here. Just tell me in which area there is the major amount of delta there is the major amount of delta there is the major amount of delta aggression from the buyers in which area aggression from the buyers in which area aggression from the buyers in which area you can see. you can see. you can see. &gt;&gt; Would it be the buyers you say? &gt;&gt; Would it be the buyers you say? &gt;&gt; Would it be the buyers you say? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Exactly this one. And if you see &gt;&gt; Exactly this one. And if you see &gt;&gt; Exactly this one. And if you see &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm getting tapping in. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm getting tapping in. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm getting tapping in. &gt;&gt; If you see this is exactly how you can &gt;&gt; If you see this is exactly how you can &gt;&gt; If you see this is exactly how you can identify when it's an accumulation and identify when it's an accumulation and identify when it's an accumulation and when it's a distribution. when it's a distribution. when it's a distribution. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; This is where all the traders are &gt;&gt; This is where all the traders are &gt;&gt; This is where all the traders are struggling like why accumulation struggling like why accumulation struggling like why accumulation distribution. But how can I identify distribution. But how can I identify distribution. But how can I identify objectively what's happening? If you see objectively what's happening? If you see objectively what's happening? If you see from this level, aggression of buyers from this level, aggression of buyers from this level, aggression of buyers catalyst. catalyst. catalyst. &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's go down to the one minute. &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's go down to the one minute. &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's go down to the one minute. We already in one minute. Perfect. We We already in one minute. Perfect. We We already in one minute. Perfect. We activate the big trades again. Same activate the big trades again. Same activate the big trades again. Same model. What we see? model. What we see? model. What we see? Buyers aggressive catalyst. Catalyst Buyers aggressive catalyst. Catalyst Buyers aggressive catalyst. Catalyst catalyst catalyst. Again, you see what catalyst catalyst. Again, you see what catalyst catalyst. Again, you see what sellers are doing? They are trying to sellers are doing? They are trying to sellers are doing? They are trying to push the market up down. But what's push the market up down. But what's push the market up down. But what's happening? They're getting happening? They're getting happening? They're getting anniated by buyers. anniated by buyers. anniated by buyers. &gt;&gt; So if you get the profile as before from &gt;&gt; So if you get the profile as before from &gt;&gt; So if you get the profile as before from the starting of the swing to the end of the starting of the swing to the end of the starting of the swing to the end of the swing, what you can see? You can see the swing, what you can see? You can see the swing, what you can see? You can see that volume is equally distributed here that volume is equally distributed here that volume is equally distributed here and you start to have a low volume from and you start to have a low volume from and you start to have a low volume from here. So in this case to follow the here. So in this case to follow the here. So in this case to follow the exact mo model, you will be unfilled in exact mo model, you will be unfilled in exact mo model, you will be unfilled in this position. Okay, let's go this position. Okay, let's go this position. Okay, let's go educationwise on and see what's educationwise on and see what's educationwise on and see what's happening and reading here happening and reading here happening and reading here what you can do considering that you are what you can do considering that you are what you can do considering that you are still in the same area. You see that still in the same area. You see that still in the same area. You see that from here to here they create a new from here to here they create a new from here to here they create a new dealing range new area. So you can do dealing range new area. So you can do dealing range new area. So you can do just the same from here to here and you just the same from here to here and you just the same from here to here and you can go deep dive inside this location. can go deep dive inside this location. can go deep dive inside this location. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Look where is the value area low and &gt;&gt; Look where is the value area low and &gt;&gt; Look where is the value area low and look where is the low volume node. look where is the low volume node. look where is the low volume node. You see this lack of volume here? You see this lack of volume here? You see this lack of volume here? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So you have the low volume node &gt;&gt; So you have the low volume node &gt;&gt; So you have the low volume node conceding with the value area low conceding with the value area low conceding with the value area low conceding with conceding with conceding with &gt;&gt; this is free money. &gt;&gt; this is free money. &gt;&gt; this is free money. &gt;&gt; This is free money. You wait for &gt;&gt; This is free money. You wait for &gt;&gt; This is free money. You wait for this candle. You put the stop loss here. this candle. You put the stop loss here. this candle. You put the stop loss here. You target either because even if you You target either because even if you You target either because even if you want to target want to target want to target let's say here, okay, you are risking let's say here, okay, you are risking let's say here, okay, you are risking per contract $160. per contract $160. per contract $160. In the worst case scenario, if you want In the worst case scenario, if you want In the worst case scenario, if you want to be out really fast, you are risking to be out really fast, you are risking to be out really fast, you are risking 160 to make 500. Yeah. Okay. So the 160 to make 500. Yeah. Okay. So the 160 to make 500. Yeah. Okay. So the risk-to-reward is more than one to three risk-to-reward is more than one to three risk-to-reward is more than one to three in this case. But this is the excursion in this case. But this is the excursion in this case. But this is the excursion the market gives you. So you you see how the market gives you. So you you see how the market gives you. So you you see how the risk to reward can get really huge the risk to reward can get really huge the risk to reward can get really huge if you get in tune in the market. if you get in tune in the market. if you get in tune in the market. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And the addition to the position can be &gt;&gt; And the addition to the position can be &gt;&gt; And the addition to the position can be done every time that the markets create done every time that the markets create done every time that the markets create a new eye. This a failed auction. It a new eye. This a failed auction. It a new eye. This a failed auction. It doesn't break out. But then it break out doesn't break out. But then it break out doesn't break out. But then it break out here. Okay. here. Okay. here. Okay. &gt;&gt; To the to there. Yeah. &gt;&gt; To the to there. Yeah. &gt;&gt; To the to there. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Again look zero volume here. like &gt;&gt; Again look zero volume here. like &gt;&gt; Again look zero volume here. like &gt;&gt; from the profile &gt;&gt; punching the wall &gt;&gt; punching the wall &gt;&gt; punching the wall &gt;&gt; I will not get this trade because I &gt;&gt; I will not get this trade because I &gt;&gt; I will not get this trade because I don't have aggression so it's not as don't have aggression so it's not as don't have aggression so it's not as safe as this one safe as this one safe as this one &gt;&gt; but again &gt;&gt; but again &gt;&gt; but again the bias is completely fine and this is the bias is completely fine and this is the bias is completely fine and this is the both of the model we saw the the both of the model we saw the the both of the model we saw the reversion model and the trend following reversion model and the trend following reversion model and the trend following model and the first time that I find out model and the first time that I find out model and the first time that I find out this myself was a h aha moment this myself was a h aha moment this myself was a h aha moment &gt;&gt; yes &gt;&gt; yes &gt;&gt; yes &gt;&gt; because I just went to order fluency so &gt;&gt; because I just went to order fluency so &gt;&gt; because I just went to order fluency so I can see before it happens I can see before it happens I can see before it happens &gt;&gt; how the volume is developing &gt;&gt; how the volume is developing &gt;&gt; how the volume is developing &gt;&gt; and also small exercise when the market &gt;&gt; and also small exercise when the market &gt;&gt; and also small exercise when the market gets taken back in control by sellers. gets taken back in control by sellers. gets taken back in control by sellers. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; All these small volume then huge &gt;&gt; All these small volume then huge &gt;&gt; All these small volume then huge aggression from sellers but look also aggression from sellers but look also aggression from sellers but look also where the market reacts when it comes where the market reacts when it comes where the market reacts when it comes back. back. back. &gt;&gt; What is doing now? This is actual price &gt;&gt; What is doing now? This is actual price &gt;&gt; What is doing now? This is actual price action. We are not charting the past. action. We are not charting the past. action. We are not charting the past. &gt;&gt; Yeah. sellers in control where they will &gt;&gt; Yeah. sellers in control where they will &gt;&gt; Yeah. sellers in control where they will find the first problem when they get find the first problem when they get find the first problem when they get back to these aggressive buyers. back to these aggressive buyers. back to these aggressive buyers. Otherwise, they will continue to push Otherwise, they will continue to push Otherwise, they will continue to push the market down in this case. the market down in this case. the market down in this case. &gt;&gt; And when you see this case, it can be a &gt;&gt; And when you see this case, it can be a &gt;&gt; And when you see this case, it can be a punch on the wall because sellers try to punch on the wall because sellers try to punch on the wall because sellers try to push it down, but buyers protect the push it down, but buyers protect the push it down, but buyers protect the level. And if you see it closely, what level. And if you see it closely, what level. And if you see it closely, what is developing is a trend following is developing is a trend following is developing is a trend following condition because we are going after all condition because we are going after all condition because we are going after all this balance, we are going out of this balance, we are going out of this balance, we are going out of balance. This is the first breakout. balance. This is the first breakout. balance. This is the first breakout. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And they can go back to the previous &gt;&gt; And they can go back to the previous &gt;&gt; And they can go back to the previous point of control. So they have a long point of control. So they have a long point of control. So they have a long room to go here. And you will notice I room to go here. And you will notice I room to go here. And you will notice I don't know if it will happen live that don't know if it will happen live that don't know if it will happen live that if this level get tapped back it if this level get tapped back it if this level get tapped back it accelerate because sellers are adding to accelerate because sellers are adding to accelerate because sellers are adding to their position. For now it is out of their position. For now it is out of their position. For now it is out of balance print and it's going to balance print and it's going to balance print and it's going to rebalance to the pock because it didn't rebalance to the pock because it didn't rebalance to the pock because it didn't &gt;&gt; it was not a successful breakout. &gt;&gt; it was not a successful breakout. &gt;&gt; it was not a successful breakout. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; that's the reason I say always trend &gt;&gt; that's the reason I say always trend &gt;&gt; that's the reason I say always trend following or reversal. Wait for the following or reversal. Wait for the following or reversal. Wait for the second drive. Don't take the first drive second drive. Don't take the first drive second drive. Don't take the first drive because you can get tap in in a fake because you can get tap in in a fake because you can get tap in in a fake out. out. out. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's it. It's not difficult. But I &gt;&gt; that's it. It's not difficult. But I &gt;&gt; that's it. It's not difficult. But I know it's a lot of information for the know it's a lot of information for the know it's a lot of information for the audience for the first time, but audience for the first time, but audience for the first time, but &gt;&gt; I think it's a lot cleaner than some of &gt;&gt; I think it's a lot cleaner than some of &gt;&gt; I think it's a lot cleaner than some of the order flow breakdowns I've seen the order flow breakdowns I've seen the order flow breakdowns I've seen before. before. before. &gt;&gt; They just make it hard to not let people &gt;&gt; They just make it hard to not let people &gt;&gt; They just make it hard to not let people understand. understand. understand. &gt;&gt; I mean different platforms as well um &gt;&gt; I mean different platforms as well um &gt;&gt; I mean different platforms as well um you can make it like so in this case you can make it like so in this case you can make it like so in this case with the what we would call the the with the what we would call the the with the what we would call the the bubbles for example but in terms of bubbles for example but in terms of bubbles for example but in terms of execution large orders. Yes. execution large orders. Yes. execution large orders. Yes. &gt;&gt; So if you filter filtered it so that it &gt;&gt; So if you filter filtered it so that it &gt;&gt; So if you filter filtered it so that it only shows specific size of orders. only shows specific size of orders. only shows specific size of orders. &gt;&gt; Exactly. specific size because you can &gt;&gt; Exactly. specific size because you can &gt;&gt; Exactly. specific size because you can take it on and off as well. take it on and off as well. take it on and off as well. &gt;&gt; You want to filter out the noise. No, &gt;&gt; You want to filter out the noise. No, &gt;&gt; You want to filter out the noise. No, you want to see what actual you want to see what actual you want to see what actual &gt;&gt; big orders are doing is the same concept &gt;&gt; big orders are doing is the same concept &gt;&gt; big orders are doing is the same concept as uh commitment of traders for long as uh commitment of traders for long as uh commitment of traders for long term. term. term. &gt;&gt; You are just watching the the &gt;&gt; You are just watching the the &gt;&gt; You are just watching the the participants that matter. If you move participants that matter. If you move participants that matter. If you move one contract in mini, I'm not interested one contract in mini, I'm not interested one contract in mini, I'm not interested in it. Just you can do what the you in it. Just you can do what the you in it. Just you can do what the you want. But if someone is adding 100 want. But if someone is adding 100 want. But if someone is adding 100 contract on NASDAQ on one minute, it's contract on NASDAQ on one minute, it's contract on NASDAQ on one minute, it's interesting. interesting. interesting. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Like the momentum &gt;&gt; Like the momentum &gt;&gt; Like the momentum &gt;&gt; in terms of price getting to this point, &gt;&gt; in terms of price getting to this point, &gt;&gt; in terms of price getting to this point, this high that we were talking about this high that we were talking about this high that we were talking about here cuz as we were talking about here cuz as we were talking about here cuz as we were talking about potential trades from down here. potential trades from down here. potential trades from down here. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Uh what is there anything to the left as &gt;&gt; Uh what is there anything to the left as &gt;&gt; Uh what is there anything to the left as to why price is reacting at this area? I to why price is reacting at this area? I to why price is reacting at this area? I think there's a high to the left that we think there's a high to the left that we think there's a high to the left that we were originally looking at. were originally looking at. were originally looking at. &gt;&gt; You want to see where we are going. &gt;&gt; You want to see where we are going. &gt;&gt; You want to see where we are going. Is there anything of significance in Is there anything of significance in Is there anything of significance in this area where it would lead you? this area where it would lead you? this area where it would lead you? &gt;&gt; We we don't need to to guess. Okay. &gt;&gt; We we don't need to to guess. Okay. &gt;&gt; We we don't need to to guess. Okay. &gt;&gt; So, let's remove this part so we don't &gt;&gt; So, let's remove this part so we don't &gt;&gt; So, let's remove this part so we don't know exactly where it was. Let's print know exactly where it was. Let's print know exactly where it was. Let's print it it it and let's go down here. Okay. and let's go down here. Okay. and let's go down here. Okay. &gt;&gt; Mhm. Now, let's clean all the noise and let's go down here. Okay. and let's go down here. Okay. and let's go down here. Okay. As you can see in all this area the As you can see in all this area the As you can see in all this area the value area is this one. So I will make value area is this one. So I will make value area is this one. So I will make white the value area. white the value area. white the value area. So this is when the market considering So this is when the market considering So this is when the market considering all the profile all the profile all the profile &gt;&gt; the comprehensive profile also of the &gt;&gt; the comprehensive profile also of the &gt;&gt; the comprehensive profile also of the gap is when it's getting expensive for gap is when it's getting expensive for gap is when it's getting expensive for market participants. Okay. market participants. Okay. market participants. Okay. &gt;&gt; But if we get deeper we notice that the &gt;&gt; But if we get deeper we notice that the &gt;&gt; But if we get deeper we notice that the biggest peak of sellers you see this biggest peak of sellers you see this biggest peak of sellers you see this one. Okay. So this level can be one. Okay. So this level can be one. Okay. So this level can be something something something interesting from sellers perspective interesting from sellers perspective interesting from sellers perspective wise the market reacted from this value area the market reacted from this value area the market reacted from this value area is distributing and as I was saying to is distributing and as I was saying to is distributing and as I was saying to you probably is going back to the PC you probably is going back to the PC you probably is going back to the PC &gt;&gt; that is this level and it's exactly &gt;&gt; that is this level and it's exactly &gt;&gt; that is this level and it's exactly overlapping with the big volume trades. overlapping with the big volume trades. overlapping with the big volume trades. &gt;&gt; Yes. So &gt;&gt; Yes. So &gt;&gt; Yes. So the probability of a follow-up short the probability of a follow-up short the probability of a follow-up short &gt;&gt; now it's higher in this case &gt;&gt; now it's higher in this case &gt;&gt; now it's higher in this case &gt;&gt; even if they get before back to the pock &gt;&gt; even if they get before back to the pock &gt;&gt; even if they get before back to the pock and then redist red distribute back down and then redist red distribute back down and then redist red distribute back down but I want to show you also here but I want to show you also here but I want to show you also here &gt;&gt; from this profile &gt;&gt; from this profile &gt;&gt; from this profile &gt;&gt; was it understandable that this was the &gt;&gt; was it understandable that this was the &gt;&gt; was it understandable that this was the reaction level from the delta that is reaction level from the delta that is reaction level from the delta that is developing developing developing &gt;&gt; yes because this pro this supply is the &gt;&gt; yes because this pro this supply is the &gt;&gt; yes because this pro this supply is the real way way of plotting supply real way way of plotting supply real way way of plotting supply &gt;&gt; you are just watching volumewise when &gt;&gt; you are just watching volumewise when &gt;&gt; you are just watching volumewise when there is the most amount of executed there is the most amount of executed there is the most amount of executed trades not limit but executed trades trades not limit but executed trades trades not limit but executed trades this mean that the auction get too much this mean that the auction get too much this mean that the auction get too much expensive expensive expensive &gt;&gt; they want to sell off and in this case &gt;&gt; they want to sell off and in this case &gt;&gt; they want to sell off and in this case and they sell off till here then what and they sell off till here then what and they sell off till here then what happened here exactly is that happened here exactly is that happened here exactly is that &gt;&gt; the price get too low &gt;&gt; the price get too low &gt;&gt; the price get too low &gt;&gt; Mhm. to sell because it's getting cheap &gt;&gt; Mhm. to sell because it's getting cheap &gt;&gt; Mhm. to sell because it's getting cheap again to buy also for buyers you know. again to buy also for buyers you know. again to buy also for buyers you know. &gt;&gt; So from this perspective we have this &gt;&gt; So from this perspective we have this &gt;&gt; So from this perspective we have this buyers trying to aggressive buyers trying to aggressive buyers trying to aggressive no follow up sellers no follow up. So we no follow up sellers no follow up. So we no follow up sellers no follow up. So we are getting inside the decision range. are getting inside the decision range. are getting inside the decision range. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. &gt;&gt; The first one that will get breakout, &gt;&gt; The first one that will get breakout, &gt;&gt; The first one that will get breakout, you will see a catalyst in that you will see a catalyst in that you will see a catalyst in that direction and probably the first level direction and probably the first level direction and probably the first level is this one. is this one. is this one. &gt;&gt; Cuz even in this case, for example, if &gt;&gt; Cuz even in this case, for example, if &gt;&gt; Cuz even in this case, for example, if this was to break the high, this was to break the high, this was to break the high, &gt;&gt; even though we might not be looking to &gt;&gt; even though we might not be looking to &gt;&gt; even though we might not be looking to trade this, but if we were looking to trade this, but if we were looking to trade this, but if we were looking to make a prediction, would we then break make a prediction, would we then break make a prediction, would we then break the high and then look to go to uh the the high and then look to go to uh the the high and then look to go to uh the high of the value area potentially or high of the value area potentially or high of the value area potentially or even the the previous even the the previous even the the previous &gt;&gt; I will say the P &gt;&gt; I will say the P &gt;&gt; I will say the P &gt;&gt; P first. uh like distribute against the &gt;&gt; P first. uh like distribute against the &gt;&gt; P first. uh like distribute against the PC and then if you need to refine an PC and then if you need to refine an PC and then if you need to refine an area where you can probably see a area where you can probably see a area where you can probably see a reaction I will say this supply here reaction I will say this supply here reaction I will say this supply here like you were saying like you were saying like you were saying &gt;&gt; not because it's the best level to react &gt;&gt; not because it's the best level to react &gt;&gt; not because it's the best level to react because the best level to react is the because the best level to react is the because the best level to react is the value area high value area high value area high &gt;&gt; but because uh uh this delta here it's &gt;&gt; but because uh uh this delta here it's &gt;&gt; but because uh uh this delta here it's really reliable on how much aggression really reliable on how much aggression really reliable on how much aggression is it giving. is it giving. is it giving. Hey guys. So, we've had obviously the Hey guys. So, we've had obviously the Hey guys. So, we've had obviously the biggest nightmare you can imagine on biggest nightmare you can imagine on biggest nightmare you can imagine on Chart Fanatics. As you saw there, we Chart Fanatics. As you saw there, we Chart Fanatics. As you saw there, we were middle of screen recording, storage were middle of screen recording, storage were middle of screen recording, storage issue, uh screen recording cut. We cut, issue, uh screen recording cut. We cut, issue, uh screen recording cut. We cut, no problem. We came back, uh we pressed no problem. We came back, uh we pressed no problem. We came back, uh we pressed screen record, but something happened. screen record, but something happened. screen record, but something happened. However, what we're going to do to make However, what we're going to do to make However, what we're going to do to make up for it, one, we're going to break up for it, one, we're going to break up for it, one, we're going to break down exactly what happened step by step down exactly what happened step by step down exactly what happened step by step after the fact, no problem. But we're after the fact, no problem. But we're after the fact, no problem. But we're going to actually wait until New York uh going to actually wait until New York uh going to actually wait until New York uh open and then we're going to do some open and then we're going to do some open and then we're going to do some live uh price reading then. um you know live uh price reading then. um you know live uh price reading then. um you know at an actual time where Fabio does trade at an actual time where Fabio does trade at an actual time where Fabio does trade and we'll be looking at specific things and we'll be looking at specific things and we'll be looking at specific things as well. So, we're excited for that. Hey as well. So, we're excited for that. Hey as well. So, we're excited for that. Hey guys, we're back. I promised you New guys, we're back. I promised you New guys, we're back. I promised you New York session. We are 30 minutes before York session. We are 30 minutes before York session. We are 30 minutes before just under 30 minutes before the session just under 30 minutes before the session just under 30 minutes before the session open. Um we can recap exactly what open. Um we can recap exactly what open. Um we can recap exactly what happened uh since we left as well and uh happened uh since we left as well and uh happened uh since we left as well and uh super excited for this first time ever. super excited for this first time ever. super excited for this first time ever. I don't think I've ever seen a video I don't think I've ever seen a video I don't think I've ever seen a video where it's done this where it's where it's done this where it's where it's done this where it's educational showing the concepts but educational showing the concepts but educational showing the concepts but then actually trading it live thereafter then actually trading it live thereafter then actually trading it live thereafter and you know calling out price and you know calling out price and you know calling out price essentially. I'm very excited. No one essentially. I'm very excited. No one essentially. I'm very excited. No one better then of course with Fabia. better then of course with Fabia. better then of course with Fabia. &gt;&gt; Yes. Do you want to win seven figures in &gt;&gt; Yes. Do you want to win seven figures in &gt;&gt; Yes. Do you want to win seven figures in challenges without having to do anything challenges without having to do anything challenges without having to do anything at all? Seems too good to be true, at all? Seems too good to be true, at all? Seems too good to be true, right? Well, at propertrader.com that is right? Well, at propertrader.com that is right? Well, at propertrader.com that is exactly what is possible. You are buying exactly what is possible. You are buying exactly what is possible. You are buying proper challenges anyway. Well, at proper challenges anyway. Well, at proper challenges anyway. Well, at propertrader.com, not only will you get propertrader.com, not only will you get propertrader.com, not only will you get the best prices and be able to compare the best prices and be able to compare the best prices and be able to compare your proper challenges, but by your proper challenges, but by your proper challenges, but by automatically using the code PFT, you automatically using the code PFT, you automatically using the code PFT, you automatically get entered into this automatically get entered into this automatically get entered into this weekly giveaway where you can win over weekly giveaway where you can win over weekly giveaway where you can win over seven figures in challenges. All your seven figures in challenges. All your seven figures in challenges. All your favorite prop firms are on proper.com. favorite prop firms are on proper.com. favorite prop firms are on proper.com. Just like brokerbacked proper Atmos Just like brokerbacked proper Atmos Just like brokerbacked proper Atmos funded, backed by Torrex. The fact that funded, backed by Torrex. The fact that funded, backed by Torrex. The fact that they are brokerbacked means that you they are brokerbacked means that you they are brokerbacked means that you have stability and security when it have stability and security when it have stability and security when it comes to your payout. Once your payouts comes to your payout. Once your payouts comes to your payout. Once your payouts are approved, traders are receiving them are approved, traders are receiving them are approved, traders are receiving them in less than five minutes. They have in less than five minutes. They have in less than five minutes. They have instant funding, one-step accounts, and instant funding, one-step accounts, and instant funding, one-step accounts, and two-step accounts, meaning that whatever two-step accounts, meaning that whatever two-step accounts, meaning that whatever type of challenge you prefer, they have type of challenge you prefer, they have type of challenge you prefer, they have one for you. Thousands of traders over one for you. Thousands of traders over one for you. Thousands of traders over the last couple months have joined Atmos the last couple months have joined Atmos the last couple months have joined Atmos Funded, and over $200,000 have been paid Funded, and over $200,000 have been paid Funded, and over $200,000 have been paid out in just the last 6 weeks alone. You out in just the last 6 weeks alone. You out in just the last 6 weeks alone. You can get massive discounts on their 50 to can get massive discounts on their 50 to can get massive discounts on their 50 to 200K accounts and even bigger discounts 200K accounts and even bigger discounts 200K accounts and even bigger discounts on their 5 to 25K accounts. Use the code on their 5 to 25K accounts. Use the code on their 5 to 25K accounts. Use the code PFT on screen right now. But not only do PFT on screen right now. But not only do PFT on screen right now. But not only do we have Atmos, we also of course have we have Atmos, we also of course have we have Atmos, we also of course have Apex Trader funding. The largest futures Apex Trader funding. The largest futures Apex Trader funding. The largest futures firm in the entire industry with up to firm in the entire industry with up to firm in the entire industry with up to 90% off using the code PFT, up to 20 90% off using the code PFT, up to 20 90% off using the code PFT, up to 20 accounts, and up to 6 million in futures accounts, and up to 6 million in futures accounts, and up to 6 million in futures funding. You can also find Alpha funding. You can also find Alpha funding. You can also find Alpha Capital, who also have one-step Capital, who also have one-step Capital, who also have one-step challenges, two-step challenges, and challenges, two-step challenges, and challenges, two-step challenges, and three-step challenges just for you. So, three-step challenges just for you. So, three-step challenges just for you. So, no matter what type of challenge you no matter what type of challenge you no matter what type of challenge you prefer, they have an option. And not prefer, they have an option. And not prefer, they have an option. And not only that, we have Funded Next, one of only that, we have Funded Next, one of only that, we have Funded Next, one of the top three CFD firms in the industry. the top three CFD firms in the industry. the top three CFD firms in the industry. And again, an exclusive offer through And again, an exclusive offer through And again, an exclusive offer through PFT. Check it out on screen. The link PFT. Check it out on screen. The link PFT. Check it out on screen. The link for popfirmtrader.com is in the for popfirmtrader.com is in the for popfirmtrader.com is in the description below. So, make sure you description below. So, make sure you description below. So, make sure you check that out. And remember, use code check that out. And remember, use code check that out. And remember, use code PFT at checkout at all your favorite PFT at checkout at all your favorite PFT at checkout at all your favorite firms and automatically be entered into firms and automatically be entered into firms and automatically be entered into the massive 7 figure giveaway every the massive 7 figure giveaway every the massive 7 figure giveaway every single week. Now, let's get back into single week. Now, let's get back into single week. Now, let's get back into the episode. So, we are here. We are the episode. So, we are here. We are the episode. So, we are here. We are stuck in a range. We are on fair value. stuck in a range. We are on fair value. stuck in a range. We are on fair value. Before we treat to do a recap, we saw Before we treat to do a recap, we saw Before we treat to do a recap, we saw this punch to the wall, the aggression this punch to the wall, the aggression this punch to the wall, the aggression of the seller, the follow up to the of the seller, the follow up to the of the seller, the follow up to the balance area. And now there is the first balance area. And now there is the first balance area. And now there is the first piece of information that we can get piece of information that we can get piece of information that we can get that was not present before is this that was not present before is this that was not present before is this punch of aggressive sellers without punch of aggressive sellers without punch of aggressive sellers without follow follow up getting to the discount follow follow up getting to the discount follow follow up getting to the discount level getting back inside the range. So level getting back inside the range. So level getting back inside the range. So I think as I was saying before that this I think as I was saying before that this I think as I was saying before that this high for the day it's something that high for the day it's something that high for the day it's something that will get destroyed probably at the will get destroyed probably at the will get destroyed probably at the beginning of the market open because the beginning of the market open because the beginning of the market open because the structure that I see now even if I have structure that I see now even if I have structure that I see now even if I have the information that sellers are getting the information that sellers are getting the information that sellers are getting aggressive and building up here the aggressive and building up here the aggressive and building up here the structure of the market that we never structure of the market that we never structure of the market that we never need to forget is still bullish and as need to forget is still bullish and as need to forget is still bullish and as you can see this is the level where the you can see this is the level where the you can see this is the level where the majority of aggression is getting this majority of aggression is getting this majority of aggression is getting this is the level where sellers are getting is the level where sellers are getting is the level where sellers are getting really aggressive. really aggressive. really aggressive. There is a dry up of volume and as you There is a dry up of volume and as you There is a dry up of volume and as you can see a low volume node. This is can see a low volume node. This is can see a low volume node. This is exactly what the market printed here. So exactly what the market printed here. So exactly what the market printed here. So in 20 minutes we have the first setup in 20 minutes we have the first setup in 20 minutes we have the first setup probably that can either be breakout probably that can either be breakout probably that can either be breakout here breakout and test if the volume is here breakout and test if the volume is here breakout and test if the volume is supporting it. Otherwise we can get a supporting it. Otherwise we can get a supporting it. Otherwise we can get a buy from the discount but this will be buy from the discount but this will be buy from the discount but this will be more risky from here. You can see that more risky from here. You can see that more risky from here. You can see that they are starting to fight because it's they are starting to fight because it's they are starting to fight because it's pre-market opening. This is the reason pre-market opening. This is the reason pre-market opening. This is the reason why I never trade pre-market opening why I never trade pre-market opening why I never trade pre-market opening because you see the battle but you don't because you see the battle but you don't because you see the battle but you don't know who will win it because we are know who will win it because we are know who will win it because we are stuck in a range. So from the data that stuck in a range. So from the data that stuck in a range. So from the data that we have seen here the size of the bubble we have seen here the size of the bubble we have seen here the size of the bubble is controlled by sellers. So it means is controlled by sellers. So it means is controlled by sellers. So it means and also the price is going down. So and also the price is going down. So and also the price is going down. So &gt;&gt; they are winning the battle but we need &gt;&gt; they are winning the battle but we need &gt;&gt; they are winning the battle but we need to remember that we have these big boys to remember that we have these big boys to remember that we have these big boys here ready to protect the price. M here ready to protect the price. M here ready to protect the price. M &gt;&gt; so at the moment I don't feel confident &gt;&gt; so at the moment I don't feel confident &gt;&gt; so at the moment I don't feel confident to to check any any setup. I prefer that to to check any any setup. I prefer that to to check any any setup. I prefer that we check closely. We should expect the we check closely. We should expect the we check closely. We should expect the first drive first drive first drive not at not at not at market opening but 5 minutes before and market opening but 5 minutes before and market opening but 5 minutes before and people that trade will see it often like people that trade will see it often like people that trade will see it often like they are preparing the dealing range they are preparing the dealing range they are preparing the dealing range testing on the market opening and then testing on the market opening and then testing on the market opening and then getting in the direction. So what I getting in the direction. So what I getting in the direction. So what I expect is that if expect is that if expect is that if we are going to get really long, we are going to get really long, we are going to get really long, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; this eye needs to be taken before 20 &gt;&gt; this eye needs to be taken before 20 &gt;&gt; this eye needs to be taken before 20 minutes. So I mark this eye minutes. So I mark this eye minutes. So I mark this eye &gt;&gt; if we're going to get long. &gt;&gt; if we're going to get long. &gt;&gt; if we're going to get long. &gt;&gt; If we're going to get long. Now &gt;&gt; If we're going to get long. Now &gt;&gt; If we're going to get long. Now &gt;&gt; I will create some scenario that are all &gt;&gt; I will create some scenario that are all &gt;&gt; I will create some scenario that are all rule based. rule based. rule based. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So let's remove this one &gt;&gt; So let's remove this one &gt;&gt; So let's remove this one &gt;&gt; and let's make some scenario. So the &gt;&gt; and let's make some scenario. So the &gt;&gt; and let's make some scenario. So the first scenario is that these sellers are first scenario is that these sellers are first scenario is that these sellers are going to get absorbed. Okay. going to get absorbed. Okay. going to get absorbed. Okay. &gt;&gt; Now if these sellers are short here, &gt;&gt; Now if these sellers are short here, &gt;&gt; Now if these sellers are short here, probably they are going to get probably they are going to get probably they are going to get liquidated here. liquidated here. liquidated here. &gt;&gt; If the price during market opening spike &gt;&gt; If the price during market opening spike &gt;&gt; If the price during market opening spike ups really hard, they are forced to ups really hard, they are forced to ups really hard, they are forced to close their position. Closing a cell close their position. Closing a cell close their position. Closing a cell will create more momentum long. will create more momentum long. will create more momentum long. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Watching how much they are pushing short &gt;&gt; Watching how much they are pushing short &gt;&gt; Watching how much they are pushing short &gt;&gt; makes me think that they are either &gt;&gt; makes me think that they are either &gt;&gt; makes me think that they are either closing long position from here. either closing long position from here. either closing long position from here. either they are getting some scalp pre-market they are getting some scalp pre-market they are getting some scalp pre-market opening and price will get back to this opening and price will get back to this opening and price will get back to this level uh 21822 before skyrocketing long. level uh 21822 before skyrocketing long. level uh 21822 before skyrocketing long. If we need to be conservative or it's If we need to be conservative or it's If we need to be conservative or it's the only setup is break out here test the only setup is break out here test the only setup is break out here test the level only when you have a closure the level only when you have a closure the level only when you have a closure of the candle we go back to 1 minute. of the candle we go back to 1 minute. of the candle we go back to 1 minute. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So we get the real execution and uh the &gt;&gt; So we get the real execution and uh the &gt;&gt; So we get the real execution and uh the market now will prepare the setup for market now will prepare the setup for market now will prepare the setup for the market session open. So aggressive the market session open. So aggressive the market session open. So aggressive sellers this can be seen also at what sellers this can be seen also at what sellers this can be seen also at what traders call fake out. So the fake move traders call fake out. So the fake move traders call fake out. So the fake move before the opening and then collapsing, before the opening and then collapsing, before the opening and then collapsing, not collapsing but rising up. And as you not collapsing but rising up. And as you not collapsing but rising up. And as you can see, let's make a comparison. The can see, let's make a comparison. The can see, let's make a comparison. The sides of the ball, the red ball, it's sides of the ball, the red ball, it's sides of the ball, the red ball, it's bigger, right? Yeah. bigger, right? Yeah. bigger, right? Yeah. &gt;&gt; But the result is really bigger. Like &gt;&gt; But the result is really bigger. Like &gt;&gt; But the result is really bigger. Like with small volumes, buyers are getting with small volumes, buyers are getting with small volumes, buyers are getting better results. If you see here, better results. If you see here, better results. If you see here, &gt;&gt; so it's really important to see to plot. &gt;&gt; so it's really important to see to plot. &gt;&gt; so it's really important to see to plot. This is something that I do often to put This is something that I do often to put This is something that I do often to put a profile from the first ball to the a profile from the first ball to the a profile from the first ball to the last ball. Okay? Like this. and check last ball. Okay? Like this. and check last ball. Okay? Like this. and check who is going out. who is going out. who is going out. I show you. We can always hide the I show you. We can always hide the I show you. We can always hide the trades. trades. trades. &gt;&gt; So you have only raw price action and &gt;&gt; So you have only raw price action and &gt;&gt; So you have only raw price action and volume distribution and you can see the volume distribution and you can see the volume distribution and you can see the sellers are not yet managing to close sellers are not yet managing to close sellers are not yet managing to close their candle below the value area low. their candle below the value area low. their candle below the value area low. So we are still even in a small time So we are still even in a small time So we are still even in a small time frame and a small data range we are frame and a small data range we are frame and a small data range we are still consolidating and compressing. still consolidating and compressing. still consolidating and compressing. Yeah, the direction of the market is not Yeah, the direction of the market is not Yeah, the direction of the market is not clear at the moment and uh usually clear at the moment and uh usually clear at the moment and uh usually it gets really clear the direction for it gets really clear the direction for it gets really clear the direction for the day the day the day from 15 minutes to 30 minutes inside the from 15 minutes to 30 minutes inside the from 15 minutes to 30 minutes inside the opening of the session. Cut. So it's opening of the session. Cut. So it's opening of the session. Cut. So it's normal. It's totally normal what's normal. It's totally normal what's normal. It's totally normal what's happening. Now they are loading happening. Now they are loading happening. Now they are loading position. Now this one it's already a position. Now this one it's already a position. Now this one it's already a big information for me. If this candle big information for me. If this candle big information for me. If this candle stays like this and we take this high, stays like this and we take this high, stays like this and we take this high, you can also try the the aggressive you can also try the the aggressive you can also try the the aggressive setup. But we will only use the model setup. But we will only use the model setup. But we will only use the model that I explained before. We will not that I explained before. We will not that I explained before. We will not because people can get confused with too because people can get confused with too because people can get confused with too much information. So let's let's go much information. So let's let's go much information. So let's let's go easy. But as you can see, they put easy. But as you can see, they put easy. But as you can see, they put aggressive sellers here, but the aggressive sellers here, but the aggressive sellers here, but the followup it's almost zero. Why? Because followup it's almost zero. Why? Because followup it's almost zero. Why? Because again, the buyers are protecting this again, the buyers are protecting this again, the buyers are protecting this position. Yeah. And in the overall bias position. Yeah. And in the overall bias position. Yeah. And in the overall bias if you see what's happening at the if you see what's happening at the if you see what's happening at the moment is that from the previous range moment is that from the previous range moment is that from the previous range of compression the market tried to break of compression the market tried to break of compression the market tried to break out. out. out. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But it failed. So structure-wise we are &gt;&gt; But it failed. So structure-wise we are &gt;&gt; But it failed. So structure-wise we are still long. Now let's remove all the unnecessary Now let's remove all the unnecessary Now let's remove all the unnecessary data and let's put the big trades. And data and let's put the big trades. And data and let's put the big trades. And one thing you mentioned was that those one thing you mentioned was that those one thing you mentioned was that those big trades big trades big trades &gt;&gt; pre previously when we were looking at &gt;&gt; pre previously when we were looking at &gt;&gt; pre previously when we were looking at the charts, the charts, the charts, &gt;&gt; there wasn't that many because we &gt;&gt; there wasn't that many because we &gt;&gt; there wasn't that many because we weren't in session yet. The session had weren't in session yet. The session had weren't in session yet. The session had &gt;&gt; getting huge. &gt;&gt; getting huge. &gt;&gt; getting huge. &gt;&gt; And you said like when we're in New York &gt;&gt; And you said like when we're in New York &gt;&gt; And you said like when we're in New York session, you're going to see it like a session, you're going to see it like a session, you're going to see it like a so much and we're not even in the so much and we're not even in the so much and we're not even in the session just yet, but you can already session just yet, but you can already session just yet, but you can already see an increase. see an increase. see an increase. &gt;&gt; You know what I like about this about &gt;&gt; You know what I like about this about &gt;&gt; You know what I like about this about these tools and these platforms that these tools and these platforms that these tools and these platforms that volume is pro um bulls are proportional volume is pro um bulls are proportional volume is pro um bulls are proportional to volume. So to volume. So to volume. So &gt;&gt; when there is too much volume and not &gt;&gt; when there is too much volume and not &gt;&gt; when there is too much volume and not clear direction, your market get floated clear direction, your market get floated clear direction, your market get floated by bulls. So it's not visible the price by bulls. So it's not visible the price by bulls. So it's not visible the price and you are forced to stay out because and you are forced to stay out because and you are forced to stay out because you cannot see what's happening behind. you cannot see what's happening behind. you cannot see what's happening behind. So it's like an insurance on your hand So it's like an insurance on your hand So it's like an insurance on your hand to stay calm like do not do anything to stay calm like do not do anything to stay calm like do not do anything &gt;&gt; and uh what I would really love and the &gt;&gt; and uh what I would really love and the &gt;&gt; and uh what I would really love and the my favorite setup possible is when my favorite setup possible is when my favorite setup possible is when market explode following up by green market explode following up by green market explode following up by green level and you can just jump in at the level and you can just jump in at the level and you can just jump in at the first level when it pulls back in a low first level when it pulls back in a low first level when it pulls back in a low volume node. This is amazing. Now this volume node. This is amazing. Now this volume node. This is amazing. Now this is totally normal and this is the reason is totally normal and this is the reason is totally normal and this is the reason I strongly advise not to trade like 10 I strongly advise not to trade like 10 I strongly advise not to trade like 10 minutes before the session, 20 minutes minutes before the session, 20 minutes minutes before the session, 20 minutes before the session because you will be before the session because you will be before the session because you will be liquidated and then maybe your direction liquidated and then maybe your direction liquidated and then maybe your direction was right. Yeah. was right. Yeah. was right. Yeah. &gt;&gt; But it will be up by &gt;&gt; But it will be up by &gt;&gt; But it will be up by &gt;&gt; volatility. This is something that not &gt;&gt; volatility. This is something that not &gt;&gt; volatility. This is something that not all traders take into account the all traders take into account the all traders take into account the volatility range can change by session. volatility range can change by session. volatility range can change by session. So a model that works for runon session So a model that works for runon session So a model that works for runon session it's not guaranteed that will continue it's not guaranteed that will continue it's not guaranteed that will continue to create alpha and generate revenue in to create alpha and generate revenue in to create alpha and generate revenue in the new year session. An example of this the new year session. An example of this the new year session. An example of this is the mean reversion model. You will is the mean reversion model. You will is the mean reversion model. You will see now if we apply m reversion model see now if we apply m reversion model see now if we apply m reversion model here we will be get destroyed by market here we will be get destroyed by market here we will be get destroyed by market and you will get also slippage because and you will get also slippage because and you will get also slippage because it's normal. it's normal. it's normal. &gt;&gt; It's compressing here. &gt;&gt; It's compressing here. &gt;&gt; It's compressing here. &gt;&gt; Still the entity of the sellers is huge &gt;&gt; Still the entity of the sellers is huge &gt;&gt; Still the entity of the sellers is huge but there is no followup. What does it but there is no followup. What does it but there is no followup. What does it mean that someone is absorbing this mean that someone is absorbing this mean that someone is absorbing this order order order &gt;&gt; and if they are absorbing this order &gt;&gt; and if they are absorbing this order &gt;&gt; and if they are absorbing this order &gt;&gt; if you watch only color you say it's &gt;&gt; if you watch only color you say it's &gt;&gt; if you watch only color you say it's controlled by sellers but I still have controlled by sellers but I still have controlled by sellers but I still have my narrative long still think that we my narrative long still think that we my narrative long still think that we are going to get the high for the day are going to get the high for the day are going to get the high for the day momentum is building up we are getting momentum is building up we are getting momentum is building up we are getting 10 around 10 minutes 13 minutes before 10 around 10 minutes 13 minutes before 10 around 10 minutes 13 minutes before the session and as I told you we are the session and as I told you we are the session and as I told you we are going you expect that high to take going you expect that high to take going you expect that high to take &gt;&gt; to target the design now what can we &gt;&gt; to target the design now what can we &gt;&gt; to target the design now what can we expect when we target like expect when we target like expect when we target like &gt;&gt; explosion like &gt;&gt; explosion like &gt;&gt; explosion like &gt;&gt; acceleration like we were seeing before. &gt;&gt; acceleration like we were seeing before. &gt;&gt; acceleration like we were seeing before. Why? Why? Why? &gt;&gt; Because these huge orders &gt;&gt; Because these huge orders &gt;&gt; Because these huge orders &gt;&gt; are getting close. They don't want to be &gt;&gt; are getting close. They don't want to be &gt;&gt; are getting close. They don't want to be before session. before session. before session. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; With this heavy and being in the wrong &gt;&gt; With this heavy and being in the wrong &gt;&gt; With this heavy and being in the wrong direction. Yeah. direction. Yeah. direction. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So they tried to anticipate the fall &gt;&gt; So they tried to anticipate the fall &gt;&gt; So they tried to anticipate the fall down of price but as you can see it's down of price but as you can see it's down of price but as you can see it's not going really good for them. not going really good for them. not going really good for them. &gt;&gt; So we are going to see when the market &gt;&gt; So we are going to see when the market &gt;&gt; So we are going to see when the market approach exactly this high. as of now still not getting broken. as of now still not getting broken. as of now still not getting broken. What we want to see is this green balls What we want to see is this green balls What we want to see is this green balls here like we did in all the previous here like we did in all the previous here like we did in all the previous situation. situation. situation. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; this is a good setup for follow-up. &gt;&gt; this is a good setup for follow-up. &gt;&gt; this is a good setup for follow-up. Aggressive setup if we want to cover Aggressive setup if we want to cover Aggressive setup if we want to cover everything. One aggressive setup can be everything. One aggressive setup can be everything. One aggressive setup can be the anticipation the anticipation the anticipation on the first ball with a stop loss below on the first ball with a stop loss below on the first ball with a stop loss below the sellers to get to the high. But it's the sellers to get to the high. But it's the sellers to get to the high. But it's a setup that you are still trading the a setup that you are still trading the a setup that you are still trading the noise. noise. noise. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So something that you cannot expect will &gt;&gt; So something that you cannot expect will &gt;&gt; So something that you cannot expect will have the same way rate of a good frame have the same way rate of a good frame have the same way rate of a good frame trend following setup. trend following setup. trend following setup. So you see when you get back inside the So you see when you get back inside the So you see when you get back inside the range the balls are so big that you range the balls are so big that you range the balls are so big that you cannot even see what's happening cannot even see what's happening cannot even see what's happening &gt;&gt; and this is keeping you away from &gt;&gt; and this is keeping you away from &gt;&gt; and this is keeping you away from interacting with the market like interacting with the market like interacting with the market like transactioning &gt;&gt; in terms of like what parameters if any &gt;&gt; in terms of like what parameters if any &gt;&gt; in terms of like what parameters if any or settings have you put to identify or settings have you put to identify or settings have you put to identify these large orders? Is there specific these large orders? Is there specific these large orders? Is there specific &gt;&gt; for Yes. Yes. For the five minutes and &gt;&gt; for Yes. Yes. For the five minutes and &gt;&gt; for Yes. Yes. For the five minutes and one minutes for New York session you can one minutes for New York session you can one minutes for New York session you can use 30 contract as a filter. 30 contract use 30 contract as a filter. 30 contract use 30 contract as a filter. 30 contract and um um during London session you can and um um during London session you can and um um during London session you can go with 20. It's it's pretty accurate go with 20. It's it's pretty accurate go with 20. It's it's pretty accurate like this like this like this &gt;&gt; and &gt;&gt; and &gt;&gt; and &gt;&gt; so the larger it is that mean it's more &gt;&gt; so the larger it is that mean it's more &gt;&gt; so the larger it is that mean it's more than 30 than 30 than 30 &gt;&gt; the more maybe these are 100 contract &gt;&gt; the more maybe these are 100 contract &gt;&gt; the more maybe these are 100 contract got like so big and I created like this got like so big and I created like this got like so big and I created like this proportional so you don't need to click proportional so you don't need to click proportional so you don't need to click on it see how much contract but you on it see how much contract but you on it see how much contract but you immediately see that there is a big sell immediately see that there is a big sell immediately see that there is a big sell aggression there got aggression there got aggression there got &gt;&gt; like it's &gt;&gt; like it's &gt;&gt; like it's &gt;&gt; see sell I was expecting that the I buy &gt;&gt; see sell I was expecting that the I buy &gt;&gt; see sell I was expecting that the I buy would but sellers so they are still would but sellers so they are still would but sellers so they are still keeping here keeping here keeping here &gt;&gt; why before session they are still &gt;&gt; why before session they are still &gt;&gt; why before session they are still keeping here because the direction is keeping here because the direction is keeping here because the direction is not clear who want to transaction here not clear who want to transaction here not clear who want to transaction here when you can get whip side high, whip when you can get whip side high, whip when you can get whip side high, whip side low, you're out of the market. side low, you're out of the market. side low, you're out of the market. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, &gt;&gt; you are getting liquidated with every &gt;&gt; you are getting liquidated with every &gt;&gt; you are getting liquidated with every direction. So, direction. So, direction. So, &gt;&gt; and these buyers or sellers, they can be &gt;&gt; and these buyers or sellers, they can be &gt;&gt; and these buyers or sellers, they can be anyone, right? They could be, you know, anyone, right? They could be, you know, anyone, right? They could be, you know, a retail trader with large capital or it a retail trader with large capital or it a retail trader with large capital or it could be your funds or whatever it may could be your funds or whatever it may could be your funds or whatever it may be. be. be. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Now, an information that we cannot unsee &gt;&gt; Now, an information that we cannot unsee &gt;&gt; Now, an information that we cannot unsee is that at the eye, they are still is that at the eye, they are still is that at the eye, they are still loading short even if the market is loading short even if the market is loading short even if the market is going to push the eye. So the the going to push the eye. So the the going to push the eye. So the the narrative it's a little bit shifting narrative it's a little bit shifting narrative it's a little bit shifting because if this low gets taken we have because if this low gets taken we have because if this low gets taken we have this breakout this breakout this breakout &gt;&gt; is interesting also the short till here &gt;&gt; is interesting also the short till here &gt;&gt; is interesting also the short till here why I will not take this position why I will not take this position why I will not take this position because the whole picture is long so why because the whole picture is long so why because the whole picture is long so why should I take one to one risk-to-reward should I take one to one risk-to-reward should I take one to one risk-to-reward when I can wait and get a 1 to 3 1 to when I can wait and get a 1 to 3 1 to when I can wait and get a 1 to 3 1 to four 1 to5 this is the the model we need four 1 to5 this is the the model we need four 1 to5 this is the the model we need to to use and the model is keeping you to to use and the model is keeping you to to use and the model is keeping you you out out of lot of trades like you out out of lot of trades like you out out of lot of trades like &gt;&gt; we need to be evidence based and &gt;&gt; we need to be evidence based and &gt;&gt; we need to be evidence based and oriented on a large number of sample. oriented on a large number of sample. oriented on a large number of sample. Executing 25,500 sample in a world cup Executing 25,500 sample in a world cup Executing 25,500 sample in a world cup can give you the taste of what's worth can give you the taste of what's worth can give you the taste of what's worth to do and what's not worth to do because to do and what's not worth to do because to do and what's not worth to do because maybe one times out of 10 now we go maybe one times out of 10 now we go maybe one times out of 10 now we go short. Yeah. short. Yeah. short. Yeah. &gt;&gt; But all the other times the seller &gt;&gt; But all the other times the seller &gt;&gt; But all the other times the seller getting destroyed and the test is here getting destroyed and the test is here getting destroyed and the test is here and you just lose. and you just lose. and you just lose. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; To get so small movement. That's &gt;&gt; To get so small movement. That's &gt;&gt; To get so small movement. That's &gt;&gt; because I think that's one thing that's &gt;&gt; because I think that's one thing that's &gt;&gt; because I think that's one thing that's universal across any trading strategy is universal across any trading strategy is universal across any trading strategy is that that that &gt;&gt; you focus on quality. Yes. &gt;&gt; you focus on quality. Yes. &gt;&gt; you focus on quality. Yes. &gt;&gt; Rather than just anything that could &gt;&gt; Rather than just anything that could &gt;&gt; Rather than just anything that could work or you know this has a chance of work or you know this has a chance of work or you know this has a chance of working and it could work one out of 10 working and it could work one out of 10 working and it could work one out of 10 times or whatever it may be because I times or whatever it may be because I times or whatever it may be because I feel like that one time you do take and feel like that one time you do take and feel like that one time you do take and it does work. It always just reinforces it does work. It always just reinforces it does work. It always just reinforces you the next time to take it again. you the next time to take it again. you the next time to take it again. Right. Take it again. Take it again. And Right. Take it again. Take it again. And Right. Take it again. Take it again. And you know it might work two three times you know it might work two three times you know it might work two three times if you're lucky and then the next 20 30 if you're lucky and then the next 20 30 if you're lucky and then the next 20 30 times it's not going to work but you're times it's not going to work but you're times it's not going to work but you're still thinking on those two or three still thinking on those two or three still thinking on those two or three times it does. Exactly. times it does. Exactly. times it does. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Versus when you have an actual plan, &gt;&gt; Versus when you have an actual plan, &gt;&gt; Versus when you have an actual plan, &gt;&gt; you know, quality trade playbooks and &gt;&gt; you know, quality trade playbooks and &gt;&gt; you know, quality trade playbooks and you follow those playbooks, you follow those playbooks, you follow those playbooks, &gt;&gt; that's where your consistency will come &gt;&gt; that's where your consistency will come &gt;&gt; that's where your consistency will come from, your longevity will come from as a from, your longevity will come from as a from, your longevity will come from as a trader. That's where you're really going trader. That's where you're really going trader. That's where you're really going to start to scale your journey. And to start to scale your journey. And to start to scale your journey. And scale your journey doesn't mean that scale your journey doesn't mean that scale your journey doesn't mean that it's going to happen fast. But what it it's going to happen fast. But what it it's going to happen fast. But what it means is you will have progress. And the means is you will have progress. And the means is you will have progress. And the funny thing is it will happen faster funny thing is it will happen faster funny thing is it will happen faster than the alternative of than the alternative of than the alternative of &gt;&gt; yes &gt;&gt; yes &gt;&gt; yes road is the fastest road. So it's always road is the fastest road. So it's always road is the fastest road. So it's always like this. Now what I'm doing in like this. Now what I'm doing in like this. Now what I'm doing in precession is marking up the biggest precession is marking up the biggest precession is marking up the biggest delta volume. delta volume. delta volume. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So I want to know &gt;&gt; So I want to know &gt;&gt; So I want to know &gt;&gt; so delta volumes on the left right? &gt;&gt; so delta volumes on the left right? &gt;&gt; so delta volumes on the left right? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; I want to see at the market opening &gt;&gt; I want to see at the market opening &gt;&gt; I want to see at the market opening which level I can see that are getting which level I can see that are getting which level I can see that are getting tapped. I want to use different colors tapped. I want to use different colors tapped. I want to use different colors where use just deep red for this one. And for the buy part, And for the buy part, And for the buy part, I take the swing on the low I take the swing on the low I take the swing on the low &gt;&gt; and I see what's the level with most &gt;&gt; and I see what's the level with most &gt;&gt; and I see what's the level with most amount of volume. That clearly is this amount of volume. That clearly is this amount of volume. That clearly is this cluster of by volume. cluster of by volume. cluster of by volume. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; to be honest, there is also this one is &gt;&gt; to be honest, there is also this one is &gt;&gt; to be honest, there is also this one is smaller but is still here. smaller but is still here. smaller but is still here. These are the level that we can see in 7 These are the level that we can see in 7 These are the level that we can see in 7 minutes. get minutes. get minutes. get &gt;&gt; and from here we already know what to &gt;&gt; and from here we already know what to &gt;&gt; and from here we already know what to expect when to expect it. expect when to expect it. expect when to expect it. &gt;&gt; So do you sit on the 5minut time frame &gt;&gt; So do you sit on the 5minut time frame &gt;&gt; So do you sit on the 5minut time frame when marking out your analysis when it when marking out your analysis when it when marking out your analysis when it comes to execution wise comes to execution wise comes to execution wise &gt;&gt; one minute? Yeah. &gt;&gt; one minute? Yeah. &gt;&gt; one minute? Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yes. Clearly like this. Now chart is only showing us the levels Now chart is only showing us the levels Now chart is only showing us the levels color. We can see the aggression and we color. We can see the aggression and we color. We can see the aggression and we can see the actual execution. So now we can see the actual execution. So now we can see the actual execution. So now we don't need 5 minutes anymore. We can don't need 5 minutes anymore. We can don't need 5 minutes anymore. We can just go down to 1 minute. Can zoom in. You see how much they are Can zoom in. You see how much they are Can zoom in. You see how much they are big when you go here. You can see big when you go here. You can see big when you go here. You can see clearly that clearly that clearly that &gt;&gt; this aggression at the moment is getting &gt;&gt; this aggression at the moment is getting &gt;&gt; this aggression at the moment is getting completely absorbed. completely absorbed. completely absorbed. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; this got absorbed. &gt;&gt; this got absorbed. &gt;&gt; this got absorbed. &gt;&gt; Do you ever think like for example in &gt;&gt; Do you ever think like for example in &gt;&gt; Do you ever think like for example in this case this person tried to sell, got this case this person tried to sell, got this case this person tried to sell, got absorbed. absorbed. absorbed. &gt;&gt; Could that be the same person like &gt;&gt; Could that be the same person like &gt;&gt; Could that be the same person like stacking into a trade or is that not stacking into a trade or is that not stacking into a trade or is that not sort of how? You cannot know if it's the sort of how? You cannot know if it's the sort of how? You cannot know if it's the same operator but for sure you know that same operator but for sure you know that same operator but for sure you know that these traders are in draw down these traders are in draw down these traders are in draw down &gt;&gt; and there is still interest in the &gt;&gt; and there is still interest in the &gt;&gt; and there is still interest in the sellers. So what I can see is that they sellers. So what I can see is that they sellers. So what I can see is that they are trying to build a sell position are trying to build a sell position are trying to build a sell position &gt;&gt; and they will be forced to close if &gt;&gt; and they will be forced to close if &gt;&gt; and they will be forced to close if market volatility spikes. market volatility spikes. market volatility spikes. &gt;&gt; So if I get these aggressive buyers and &gt;&gt; So if I get these aggressive buyers and &gt;&gt; So if I get these aggressive buyers and all these sellers needs to close the all these sellers needs to close the all these sellers needs to close the position we arrive here the market position we arrive here the market position we arrive here the market opening opening opening &gt;&gt; and we are closed because it's 324. This &gt;&gt; and we are closed because it's 324. This &gt;&gt; and we are closed because it's 324. This is the first moment I would expect. And is the first moment I would expect. And is the first moment I would expect. And so in this case, if price did break so in this case, if price did break so in this case, if price did break above this level, above this level, above this level, &gt;&gt; you're not interested in trading that to &gt;&gt; you're not interested in trading that to &gt;&gt; you're not interested in trading that to the next level. You're interested once the next level. You're interested once the next level. You're interested once price gets to that level. price gets to that level. price gets to that level. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Okay. Exactly. Because I I need &gt;&gt; Exactly. Okay. Exactly. Because I I need &gt;&gt; Exactly. Okay. Exactly. Because I I need to see. to see. to see. &gt;&gt; But would you say it's still important, &gt;&gt; But would you say it's still important, &gt;&gt; But would you say it's still important, sorry, to have this context even if sorry, to have this context even if sorry, to have this context even if you're not looking to trade to that next you're not looking to trade to that next you're not looking to trade to that next level, it's still important to level, it's still important to level, it's still important to understand what's going on understand what's going on understand what's going on &gt;&gt; because you are training for the &gt;&gt; because you are training for the &gt;&gt; because you are training for the procession procession and creating a procession procession and creating a procession procession and creating a narrative. So when you know how to do it narrative. So when you know how to do it narrative. So when you know how to do it um you are still um you are still um you are still understanding with your subconscious understanding with your subconscious understanding with your subconscious mind what's happening because you need mind what's happening because you need mind what's happening because you need to be really fast. to be really fast. to be really fast. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And you need to reason fast and if you &gt;&gt; And you need to reason fast and if you &gt;&gt; And you need to reason fast and if you don't do it and you do only for your don't do it and you do only for your don't do it and you do only for your setup setup setup &gt;&gt; on 15 second and 1 minute is not enough &gt;&gt; on 15 second and 1 minute is not enough &gt;&gt; on 15 second and 1 minute is not enough fast to then execute at the right fast to then execute at the right fast to then execute at the right moment. You see how much volume and moment. You see how much volume and moment. You see how much volume and interaction is starting 5 minutes before interaction is starting 5 minutes before interaction is starting 5 minutes before like I told you not at 30 5 minutes like I told you not at 30 5 minutes like I told you not at 30 5 minutes before they are preparing the order from before they are preparing the order from before they are preparing the order from what we can see here this is a huge what we can see here this is a huge what we can see here this is a huge information aggressive sellers still to information aggressive sellers still to information aggressive sellers still to this level buyers with better results this level buyers with better results this level buyers with better results all these are getting absor absorbed all these are getting absor absorbed all these are getting absor absorbed this is not my narrative getting wasted this is not my narrative getting wasted this is not my narrative getting wasted or this is my narrative getting or this is my narrative getting or this is my narrative getting confirmed confirmed confirmed &gt;&gt; so even more I should expect now that &gt;&gt; so even more I should expect now that &gt;&gt; so even more I should expect now that either from here or either from Here we either from here or either from Here we either from here or either from Here we reaccumulate in the last 5 minutes and reaccumulate in the last 5 minutes and reaccumulate in the last 5 minutes and we shoot up. All these sellers are in we shoot up. All these sellers are in we shoot up. All these sellers are in pain. They need to close and the market pain. They need to close and the market pain. They need to close and the market create an expansion move up. create an expansion move up. create an expansion move up. &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; it breaks. I can take the long from &gt;&gt; it breaks. I can take the long from &gt;&gt; it breaks. I can take the long from there and I'm done for the session. Like there and I'm done for the session. Like there and I'm done for the session. Like &gt;&gt; one one setup with high win rate. &gt;&gt; one one setup with high win rate. &gt;&gt; one one setup with high win rate. But understanding the narrative before But understanding the narrative before But understanding the narrative before makes you also understand market makes you also understand market makes you also understand market participants how they are thinking and participants how they are thinking and participants how they are thinking and if they are proven wrong. if they are proven wrong. if they are proven wrong. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; With this amount of contract you cannot &gt;&gt; With this amount of contract you cannot &gt;&gt; With this amount of contract you cannot hold anymore. Even if you have a hold anymore. Even if you have a hold anymore. Even if you have a millionaire account you need to close millionaire account you need to close millionaire account you need to close sooner or later. sooner or later. sooner or later. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Are these market executions or &gt;&gt; Yeah. Are these market executions or &gt;&gt; Yeah. Are these market executions or they they they &gt;&gt; market execution not limits? Like I &gt;&gt; market execution not limits? Like I &gt;&gt; market execution not limits? Like I never watch limits. Like you can get to never watch limits. Like you can get to never watch limits. Like you can get to feel a taste of the market but feel a taste of the market but feel a taste of the market but &gt;&gt; because the limits apparently they can &gt;&gt; because the limits apparently they can &gt;&gt; because the limits apparently they can &gt;&gt; they can cancel. Yeah, they cancel. So &gt;&gt; they can cancel. Yeah, they cancel. So &gt;&gt; they can cancel. Yeah, they cancel. So they what do they call it? Spoofing is they what do they call it? Spoofing is they what do they call it? Spoofing is it? Is that what? it? Is that what? it? Is that what? &gt;&gt; Yeah, they call spoofing like putting &gt;&gt; Yeah, they call spoofing like putting &gt;&gt; Yeah, they call spoofing like putting order to create market pressure then order to create market pressure then order to create market pressure then removing. It's manipulating the removing. It's manipulating the removing. It's manipulating the perception of other market participants. perception of other market participants. perception of other market participants. &gt;&gt; But with execution just these are &gt;&gt; But with execution just these are &gt;&gt; But with execution just these are executed market. There is someone that executed market. There is someone that executed market. There is someone that is with huge sell you know there if you is with huge sell you know there if you is with huge sell you know there if you if it close you see it. if it close you see it. if it close you see it. &gt;&gt; Yeah you see. So uh in this case &gt;&gt; Yeah you see. So uh in this case &gt;&gt; Yeah you see. So uh in this case so in the first minute of market opening so in the first minute of market opening so in the first minute of market opening you will not see the chart you will not see the chart you will not see the chart &gt;&gt; it would get balls &gt;&gt; it would get balls &gt;&gt; it would get balls &gt;&gt; it's it will get like something like &gt;&gt; it's it will get like something like &gt;&gt; it's it will get like something like this this this &gt;&gt; does does this uh large aggressive buyer &gt;&gt; does does this uh large aggressive buyer &gt;&gt; does does this uh large aggressive buyer that failed up here does that make you that failed up here does that make you that failed up here does that make you &gt;&gt; yeah you are getting good you are &gt;&gt; yeah you are getting good you are &gt;&gt; yeah you are getting good you are getting this is an aggressive buyers getting this is an aggressive buyers getting this is an aggressive buyers that created a failed auction that created a failed auction that created a failed auction &gt;&gt; so the buyers here got like they tried &gt;&gt; so the buyers here got like they tried &gt;&gt; so the buyers here got like they tried really hard like this but the sellers really hard like this but the sellers really hard like this but the sellers won here won here won here &gt;&gt; in this battle also the sellers won. &gt;&gt; in this battle also the sellers won. &gt;&gt; in this battle also the sellers won. Okay. Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; Because they are transactioning down. &gt;&gt; Because they are transactioning down. &gt;&gt; Because they are transactioning down. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So in this that's the reason you wait &gt;&gt; So in this that's the reason you wait &gt;&gt; So in this that's the reason you wait for your confirmation and you don't jump for your confirmation and you don't jump for your confirmation and you don't jump here because even if the bias is long here because even if the bias is long here because even if the bias is long you don't know if they will reach here you don't know if they will reach here you don't know if they will reach here or the second level that attract. or the second level that attract. or the second level that attract. &gt;&gt; I only know that I only know that I want &gt;&gt; I only know that I only know that I want &gt;&gt; I only know that I only know that I want to be in if this level gets broken. to be in if this level gets broken. to be in if this level gets broken. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, let's see what they do. 3 &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, let's see what they do. 3 &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, let's see what they do. 3 minutes before a setup for a scalp position. A little a setup for a scalp position. A little a setup for a scalp position. A little bit more risky is if these sellers don't bit more risky is if these sellers don't bit more risky is if these sellers don't have a follow-up and got absorbed by have a follow-up and got absorbed by have a follow-up and got absorbed by buyers shooting up here. But this is a buyers shooting up here. But this is a buyers shooting up here. But this is a risk position. But this can be I show risk position. But this can be I show risk position. But this can be I show you only to to give to the audience a you only to to give to the audience a you only to to give to the audience a taste. taste. taste. this one like risking $300 and getting this one like risking $300 and getting this one like risking $300 and getting $1,100 is not a stupid position. It's $1,100 is not a stupid position. It's $1,100 is not a stupid position. It's just a position that you are taking just a position that you are taking just a position that you are taking inside the noise. inside the noise. inside the noise. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; I can take this kind of position only if &gt;&gt; I can take this kind of position only if &gt;&gt; I can take this kind of position only if I'm sitting in profit for the day. I'm sitting in profit for the day. I'm sitting in profit for the day. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Like it's it's not uncommon that I take &gt;&gt; Like it's it's not uncommon that I take &gt;&gt; Like it's it's not uncommon that I take them but I need to use profit and not them but I need to use profit and not them but I need to use profit and not use market um like um account equity. use market um like um account equity. use market um like um account equity. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because &gt;&gt; using house money, right? Yeah. like &gt;&gt; using house money, right? Yeah. like &gt;&gt; using house money, right? Yeah. like before I need to take money from the before I need to take money from the before I need to take money from the market then I can take this kind of market then I can take this kind of market then I can take this kind of trades trades trades &gt;&gt; the win rate it's lower on this but if &gt;&gt; the win rate it's lower on this but if &gt;&gt; the win rate it's lower on this but if you consider the risk-to-reward it's uh you consider the risk-to-reward it's uh you consider the risk-to-reward it's uh like one to four like one to four like one to four &gt;&gt; so it's it's pretty good I just put this &gt;&gt; so it's it's pretty good I just put this &gt;&gt; so it's it's pretty good I just put this risk to reward because I want to let you risk to reward because I want to let you risk to reward because I want to let you understand that if these sellers fail understand that if these sellers fail understand that if these sellers fail they will catalyze up they will catalyze up they will catalyze up &gt;&gt; now I need the first minute if this one &gt;&gt; now I need the first minute if this one &gt;&gt; now I need the first minute if this one gets broken the setup is not valid but gets broken the setup is not valid but gets broken the setup is not valid but if in market open at um 3:30 you recover if in market open at um 3:30 you recover if in market open at um 3:30 you recover this level this level this level &gt;&gt; like and this one gets not broken. This &gt;&gt; like and this one gets not broken. This &gt;&gt; like and this one gets not broken. This is the target. is the target. is the target. So So So let's see how the market will behave let's see how the market will behave let's see how the market will behave from what we are seeing at the moment. from what we are seeing at the moment. from what we are seeing at the moment. Sellers one. Sellers one. Sellers one. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Sellers one. Buyers one. &gt;&gt; Sellers one. Buyers one. &gt;&gt; Sellers one. Buyers one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Here. So you are getting a bias and a &gt;&gt; Here. So you are getting a bias and a &gt;&gt; Here. So you are getting a bias and a level that start to get interesting. level that start to get interesting. level that start to get interesting. Let's zoom in. It's not visible. So Let's zoom in. It's not visible. So Let's zoom in. It's not visible. So considering the platform, you should not considering the platform, you should not considering the platform, you should not interact in this position even before interact in this position even before interact in this position even before because because because &gt;&gt; you can't see. You cannot see what's &gt;&gt; you can't see. You cannot see what's &gt;&gt; you can't see. You cannot see what's happening here happening here happening here cuz the first execution can be taken cuz the first execution can be taken cuz the first execution can be taken after market open and we are still after market open and we are still after market open and we are still before. So one trigger can be the break before. So one trigger can be the break before. So one trigger can be the break of this eye for example for a long. So of this eye for example for a long. So of this eye for example for a long. So now that we are getting inside if this now that we are getting inside if this now that we are getting inside if this eye get broken a really aggressive eye get broken a really aggressive eye get broken a really aggressive position can be entering at the break of position can be entering at the break of position can be entering at the break of this with the stop loss here targeting this with the stop loss here targeting this with the stop loss here targeting the high and I think it's even more than the high and I think it's even more than the high and I think it's even more than uh as a riskto-reward even more than one uh as a riskto-reward even more than one uh as a riskto-reward even more than one to to four. It's 1 to5 probably. So to to four. It's 1 to5 probably. So to to four. It's 1 to5 probably. So market is opening. They didn't break the market is opening. They didn't break the market is opening. They didn't break the high. So no position gets executed at high. So no position gets executed at high. So no position gets executed at the moment. Now we are in the second buy the moment. Now we are in the second buy the moment. Now we are in the second buy area. area. area. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So we need to check how the volume is &gt;&gt; So we need to check how the volume is &gt;&gt; So we need to check how the volume is behaving at the moment. Now these behaving at the moment. Now these behaving at the moment. Now these traders are in profit. traders are in profit. traders are in profit. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; All these buyers that position themsel &gt;&gt; All these buyers that position themsel &gt;&gt; All these buyers that position themsel before the opening needs to close before the opening needs to close before the opening needs to close position. This will bring price lower. position. This will bring price lower. position. This will bring price lower. &gt;&gt; All this movement is made by them. &gt;&gt; All this movement is made by them. &gt;&gt; All this movement is made by them. Now, now that we are in market opening, Now, now that we are in market opening, Now, now that we are in market opening, we can start to take position or do we can start to take position or do we can start to take position or do analysis that we can actually use. So, analysis that we can actually use. So, analysis that we can actually use. So, let's see the the first information that let's see the the first information that let's see the the first information that we have is that sellers still want this we have is that sellers still want this we have is that sellers still want this battle at the moment battle at the moment battle at the moment &gt;&gt; and they are getting stopped only here. &gt;&gt; and they are getting stopped only here. &gt;&gt; and they are getting stopped only here. Okay. So, still in the noise remember Okay. So, still in the noise remember Okay. So, still in the noise remember our rules till we don't get here the our rules till we don't get here the our rules till we don't get here the premium setup is not executed. premium setup is not executed. premium setup is not executed. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So inside here what can be &gt;&gt; Yeah. So inside here what can be &gt;&gt; Yeah. So inside here what can be something interesting for us? The first something interesting for us? The first something interesting for us? The first information that we can have is sellers information that we can have is sellers information that we can have is sellers really aggressive here that don't have a really aggressive here that don't have a really aggressive here that don't have a follow-up short. Yeah. follow-up short. Yeah. follow-up short. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So if this candle start to get populated &gt;&gt; So if this candle start to get populated &gt;&gt; So if this candle start to get populated by a lot of sellers but get back here. by a lot of sellers but get back here. by a lot of sellers but get back here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. This can be a long &gt;&gt; Yeah. This can be a long &gt;&gt; Yeah. This can be a long &gt;&gt; but again it's a long that you can you &gt;&gt; but again it's a long that you can you &gt;&gt; but again it's a long that you can you take inside market ranging. So let's take inside market ranging. So let's take inside market ranging. So let's just wait here just wait here just wait here &gt;&gt; because you had a you have a level &gt;&gt; because you had a you have a level &gt;&gt; because you had a you have a level beneath this right and towards the low. beneath this right and towards the low. beneath this right and towards the low. &gt;&gt; Uh I think the main level of the buyers &gt;&gt; Uh I think the main level of the buyers &gt;&gt; Uh I think the main level of the buyers are getting destroyed. are getting destroyed. are getting destroyed. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So the only reason I can engage in a &gt;&gt; So the only reason I can engage in a &gt;&gt; So the only reason I can engage in a risky position here is if this one prove risky position here is if this one prove risky position here is if this one prove me that it's a fake out. me that it's a fake out. me that it's a fake out. &gt;&gt; How can they prove me that it's a fake &gt;&gt; How can they prove me that it's a fake &gt;&gt; How can they prove me that it's a fake out? They need to recover all this. out? They need to recover all this. out? They need to recover all this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. This one needs to be a full week &gt;&gt; Yeah. This one needs to be a full week &gt;&gt; Yeah. This one needs to be a full week and they need to break up again from and they need to break up again from and they need to break up again from this high. this high. this high. If they don't do this, you see sellers If they don't do this, you see sellers If they don't do this, you see sellers are completely dominating this market at are completely dominating this market at are completely dominating this market at the moment. So not engaging here. You know in price action you can try You know in price action you can try You know in price action you can try this long because you don't see this. So this long because you don't see this. So this long because you don't see this. So you see you think you see you think you see you think &gt;&gt; it's it's retracing. I can buy this &gt;&gt; it's it's retracing. I can buy this &gt;&gt; it's it's retracing. I can buy this count. No, you you you count. No, you you you count. No, you you you &gt;&gt; probably think like break and retest the &gt;&gt; probably think like break and retest the &gt;&gt; probably think like break and retest the level. level. level. &gt;&gt; You know, this is this is something that &gt;&gt; You know, this is this is something that &gt;&gt; You know, this is this is something that if you are price action trader, you if you are price action trader, you if you are price action trader, you cannot know because you are not good but cannot know because you are not good but cannot know because you are not good but because you don't see that they are because you don't see that they are because you don't see that they are willing to sell stronger at lower point. willing to sell stronger at lower point. willing to sell stronger at lower point. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So the auction is getting short. &gt;&gt; So the auction is getting short. &gt;&gt; So the auction is getting short. Which one is the first level we can Which one is the first level we can Which one is the first level we can protect? We need to go with the profile protect? We need to go with the profile protect? We need to go with the profile on everything they build also during on everything they build also during on everything they build also during London session, not only during the London session, not only during the London session, not only during the range, this big area this big area this big area and this low volume node like also and this low volume node like also and this low volume node like also Carmen is doing. This is a low volume Carmen is doing. This is a low volume Carmen is doing. This is a low volume node and this is the delta. Yeah, node and this is the delta. Yeah, node and this is the delta. Yeah, &gt;&gt; this is the last protection level. If &gt;&gt; this is the last protection level. If &gt;&gt; this is the last protection level. If this one is breaking, they are this one is breaking, they are this one is breaking, they are recovering this cell and they are recovering this cell and they are recovering this cell and they are collapsing collapsing collapsing and he's in in that scenario what would and he's in in that scenario what would and he's in in that scenario what would you do? Would you just then you do? Would you just then you do? Would you just then &gt;&gt; in the scenario that they get sell my &gt;&gt; in the scenario that they get sell my &gt;&gt; in the scenario that they get sell my narrative will change because they break narrative will change because they break narrative will change because they break a balance level not on the up on the a balance level not on the up on the a balance level not on the up on the downside. Okay. downside. Okay. downside. Okay. &gt;&gt; So my day is short. &gt;&gt; So my day is short. &gt;&gt; So my day is short. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; If my day is short I will still use the &gt;&gt; If my day is short I will still use the &gt;&gt; If my day is short I will still use the same model just I will not get long I same model just I will not get long I same model just I will not get long I will get short. will get short. will get short. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Like my long day gets activated if we &gt;&gt; Like my long day gets activated if we &gt;&gt; Like my long day gets activated if we break this. break this. break this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. My short day at the same time gets &gt;&gt; Yeah. My short day at the same time gets &gt;&gt; Yeah. My short day at the same time gets activated if we break the compression activated if we break the compression activated if we break the compression range that is all this range. If they range that is all this range. If they range that is all this range. If they arrive here we can try something but arrive here we can try something but arrive here we can try something but here there is something that is here there is something that is here there is something that is undeniable. undeniable. undeniable. &gt;&gt; They are on this level. They are pushing &gt;&gt; They are on this level. They are pushing &gt;&gt; They are on this level. They are pushing out but I don't see a lot of follow-up out but I don't see a lot of follow-up out but I don't see a lot of follow-up shot. shot. shot. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So here the buyers you see how many &gt;&gt; So here the buyers you see how many &gt;&gt; So here the buyers you see how many volumes volumes volumes &gt;&gt; so much. Yeah. &gt;&gt; so much. Yeah. &gt;&gt; so much. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Here the buyers are protecting it limit &gt;&gt; Here the buyers are protecting it limit &gt;&gt; Here the buyers are protecting it limit orders. So either they slice through it, orders. So either they slice through it, orders. So either they slice through it, but if they start to recover and they but if they start to recover and they but if they start to recover and they get back inside the range, this is a a get back inside the range, this is a a get back inside the range, this is a a setup that also Patrick Neil is using setup that also Patrick Neil is using setup that also Patrick Neil is using with volume. with volume. with volume. &gt;&gt; And you see the good part about volume &gt;&gt; And you see the good part about volume &gt;&gt; And you see the good part about volume is keeping you up. is keeping you up. is keeping you up. &gt;&gt; Is keeping you out of the market when &gt;&gt; Is keeping you out of the market when &gt;&gt; Is keeping you out of the market when it's not ready it's not ready it's not ready &gt;&gt; here because let's go again to the &gt;&gt; here because let's go again to the &gt;&gt; here because let's go again to the narrative here. If it breaks the low, narrative here. If it breaks the low, narrative here. If it breaks the low, yeah, we get long. It continue down. yeah, we get long. It continue down. yeah, we get long. It continue down. Okay, here. If it breaks the high, we Okay, here. If it breaks the high, we Okay, here. If it breaks the high, we can go here. Why? Because if the volume can go here. Why? Because if the volume can go here. Why? Because if the volume don't does this, this means that the don't does this, this means that the don't does this, this means that the sellers are controlling all this market sellers are controlling all this market sellers are controlling all this market movement. movement. movement. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You don't need to predict. Just need to &gt;&gt; You don't need to predict. Just need to &gt;&gt; You don't need to predict. Just need to see what's happening here is the first see what's happening here is the first see what's happening here is the first time for the market opening where buyers time for the market opening where buyers time for the market opening where buyers are protecting a level. are protecting a level. are protecting a level. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; In an interesting in an interesting &gt;&gt; In an interesting in an interesting &gt;&gt; In an interesting in an interesting situation. So this one can be the first situation. So this one can be the first situation. So this one can be the first long position if it gets confirmed by a long position if it gets confirmed by a long position if it gets confirmed by a little bit of buy aggression. At the little bit of buy aggression. At the little bit of buy aggression. At the moment it's only sell. Yeah. The moment moment it's only sell. Yeah. The moment moment it's only sell. Yeah. The moment is only sell. So now the only thing to is only sell. So now the only thing to is only sell. So now the only thing to do is wait what what they can do. Now do is wait what what they can do. Now do is wait what what they can do. Now one position that gets really one position that gets really one position that gets really interesting is the squeeze of the trapid interesting is the squeeze of the trapid interesting is the squeeze of the trapid sellers. sellers. sellers. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; When is the squeeze of the trap sellers? &gt;&gt; When is the squeeze of the trap sellers? &gt;&gt; When is the squeeze of the trap sellers? When you recover all the aggressive When you recover all the aggressive When you recover all the aggressive sellers. Yeah. sellers. Yeah. sellers. Yeah. &gt;&gt; They are getting fake out. So they are &gt;&gt; They are getting fake out. So they are &gt;&gt; They are getting fake out. So they are willing to close the position and the willing to close the position and the willing to close the position and the market is accelerating high. You know market is accelerating high. You know market is accelerating high. You know &gt;&gt; let's see what is happening here. This &gt;&gt; let's see what is happening here. This &gt;&gt; let's see what is happening here. This is the first footprint of long yeah is the first footprint of long yeah is the first footprint of long yeah &gt;&gt; position from the level that we saw. &gt;&gt; position from the level that we saw. &gt;&gt; position from the level that we saw. Still someone can think why you don't Still someone can think why you don't Still someone can think why you don't take a long position here because at the take a long position here because at the take a long position here because at the moment if you see who created the swing moment if you see who created the swing moment if you see who created the swing like we were talking before is like we were talking before is like we were talking before is completely dominated by sellers. completely dominated by sellers. completely dominated by sellers. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; this is a really risky position. If we &gt;&gt; this is a really risky position. If we &gt;&gt; this is a really risky position. If we start to get back here start to get back here start to get back here we can take position on the breakout we can take position on the breakout we can take position on the breakout with stop loss below the level. But with stop loss below the level. But with stop loss below the level. But remember the model is one. You need to remember the model is one. You need to remember the model is one. You need to break and test this level. Otherwise, break and test this level. Otherwise, break and test this level. Otherwise, you just stay out. you just stay out. you just stay out. &gt;&gt; When this level gets broken, the game &gt;&gt; When this level gets broken, the game &gt;&gt; When this level gets broken, the game start. You can add the position, you can start. You can add the position, you can start. You can add the position, you can follow up, you can do a lot of things. follow up, you can do a lot of things. follow up, you can do a lot of things. Now, I want to show you how much it's Now, I want to show you how much it's Now, I want to show you how much it's useful to see this volume in higher time useful to see this volume in higher time useful to see this volume in higher time frame frame frame like five minutes. like five minutes. like five minutes. From here, it's clear. It's clear From here, it's clear. It's clear From here, it's clear. It's clear because you see we agree that this is because you see we agree that this is because you see we agree that this is the low volume node. Okay. The profile the low volume node. Okay. The profile the low volume node. Okay. The profile distribution achieved the value area distribution achieved the value area distribution achieved the value area low. low. low. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, we are on the value area low. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, we are on the value area low. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, we are on the value area low. The sellers didn't got a follow through. The sellers didn't got a follow through. The sellers didn't got a follow through. They took the low. They took the low. They took the low. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. And created a failed auction. &gt;&gt; Okay. And created a failed auction. &gt;&gt; Okay. And created a failed auction. People call this manipulation. They try People call this manipulation. They try People call this manipulation. They try to break out and they failed. to break out and they failed. to break out and they failed. &gt;&gt; This is the reason we will get here. &gt;&gt; This is the reason we will get here. &gt;&gt; This is the reason we will get here. &gt;&gt; Well, it's what you said um you know &gt;&gt; Well, it's what you said um you know &gt;&gt; Well, it's what you said um you know before the open is going to set up before the open is going to set up before the open is going to set up &gt;&gt; and then it will whipsaw take out one &gt;&gt; and then it will whipsaw take out one &gt;&gt; and then it will whipsaw take out one side. This is a model like the only side. This is a model like the only side. This is a model like the only things is that I don't get things is that I don't get things is that I don't get &gt;&gt; inside when they are &gt;&gt; inside when they are &gt;&gt; inside when they are &gt;&gt; like so aggressive. &gt;&gt; like so aggressive. &gt;&gt; like so aggressive. &gt;&gt; So my role is not to predict when they &gt;&gt; So my role is not to predict when they &gt;&gt; So my role is not to predict when they will stop. I just wait that they will stop. I just wait that they will stop. I just wait that they complete this movement. You see all this complete this movement. You see all this complete this movement. You see all this was a fake. was a fake. was a fake. &gt;&gt; The narrative is still buy. &gt;&gt; The narrative is still buy. &gt;&gt; The narrative is still buy. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; All this movement gets absorbed one with &gt;&gt; All this movement gets absorbed one with &gt;&gt; All this movement gets absorbed one with which the narrative when we break this which the narrative when we break this which the narrative when we break this level. We broke this level. No. So we level. We broke this level. No. So we level. We broke this level. No. So we are still buy. If you want to clear the position and If you want to clear the position and If you want to clear the position and for the New York session get a better for the New York session get a better for the New York session get a better tune of the market, you can raise 240 tune of the market, you can raise 240 tune of the market, you can raise 240 &gt;&gt; at the contract size. &gt;&gt; at the contract size. &gt;&gt; at the contract size. &gt;&gt; The contract and you will it the &gt;&gt; The contract and you will it the &gt;&gt; The contract and you will it the situation will be a lot clearer. situation will be a lot clearer. situation will be a lot clearer. &gt;&gt; You see? &gt;&gt; You see? &gt;&gt; You see? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Situation now it's clear buyers got more &gt;&gt; Situation now it's clear buyers got more &gt;&gt; Situation now it's clear buyers got more than 40 contract here. They are just than 40 contract here. They are just than 40 contract here. They are just putting a lock and say below this level putting a lock and say below this level putting a lock and say below this level you don't go like you you try to sell you don't go like you you try to sell you don't go like you you try to sell with two I absorbed everything and they with two I absorbed everything and they with two I absorbed everything and they are recovering all the buy. Now all are recovering all the buy. Now all are recovering all the buy. Now all these sellers need to close the these sellers need to close the these sellers need to close the position. position. position. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Which then causes a squeeze &gt;&gt; Which then causes a squeeze &gt;&gt; Which then causes a squeeze &gt;&gt; squeeze like if all these sellers close &gt;&gt; squeeze like if all these sellers close &gt;&gt; squeeze like if all these sellers close the position the market is jumping and the position the market is jumping and the position the market is jumping and when it gets to this level you see the when it gets to this level you see the when it gets to this level you see the acceleration that we saw before but acceleration that we saw before but acceleration that we saw before but short. Yeah. short. Yeah. short. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like the opposite. In the video that I made with Andrea, In the video that I made with Andrea, In the video that I made with Andrea, all the setup that I took are based on all the setup that I took are based on all the setup that I took are based on this model like squeezing the other this model like squeezing the other this model like squeezing the other part. Yeah. part. Yeah. part. Yeah. &gt;&gt; To get the acceleration and be &gt;&gt; To get the acceleration and be &gt;&gt; To get the acceleration and be immediately break even. immediately break even. immediately break even. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Be able to move at break even &gt;&gt; Yeah. Be able to move at break even &gt;&gt; Yeah. Be able to move at break even really fast. really fast. really fast. &gt;&gt; Would you say that is one of the &gt;&gt; Would you say that is one of the &gt;&gt; Would you say that is one of the necessary skill sets when scalping at necessary skill sets when scalping at necessary skill sets when scalping at this level? this level? this level? &gt;&gt; Yes. like uh being fast and also &gt;&gt; Yes. like uh being fast and also &gt;&gt; Yes. like uh being fast and also creating shortcut on your platform. creating shortcut on your platform. creating shortcut on your platform. &gt;&gt; Would you say that you always have been &gt;&gt; Would you say that you always have been &gt;&gt; Would you say that you always have been like been able to move at speed as a like been able to move at speed as a like been able to move at speed as a trader or is that something you had to trader or is that something you had to trader or is that something you had to train? train? train? &gt;&gt; No, we are we are we are human reads. I &gt;&gt; No, we are we are we are human reads. I &gt;&gt; No, we are we are we are human reads. I will be really honest. Sometimes I made will be really honest. Sometimes I made will be really honest. Sometimes I made big errors like um you scale inside the big errors like um you scale inside the big errors like um you scale inside the position but you scale you you don't position but you scale you you don't position but you scale you you don't notice that you are scaling not by one notice that you are scaling not by one notice that you are scaling not by one mini contract a time but we are scaling mini contract a time but we are scaling mini contract a time but we are scaling with five contracts. There is a huge with five contracts. There is a huge with five contracts. There is a huge amount on NASDAQ like one contract is amount on NASDAQ like one contract is amount on NASDAQ like one contract is really heavy really heavy really heavy &gt;&gt; and you need to find a good way to scale &gt;&gt; and you need to find a good way to scale &gt;&gt; and you need to find a good way to scale out and you are with like in scalping out and you are with like in scalping out and you are with like in scalping you need to be fast and sometimes you you need to be fast and sometimes you you need to be fast and sometimes you still make errors. still make errors. still make errors. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um &gt;&gt; because a lot of the time there will be &gt;&gt; because a lot of the time there will be &gt;&gt; because a lot of the time there will be human errors at that point right and human errors at that point right and human errors at that point right and then then with this volatility look what then then with this volatility look what then then with this volatility look what what the market did as I told you before what the market did as I told you before what the market did as I told you before taking the high taking the low taking the high taking the low taking the high taking the low &gt;&gt; and then being at the starting point &gt;&gt; and then being at the starting point &gt;&gt; and then being at the starting point like in the first 10 minutes of the like in the first 10 minutes of the like in the first 10 minutes of the session we didn't do anything we just session we didn't do anything we just session we didn't do anything we just liquidated the low liquidated the high liquidated the low liquidated the high liquidated the low liquidated the high &gt;&gt; that's the reason you don't engage &gt;&gt; that's the reason you don't engage &gt;&gt; that's the reason you don't engage before before before now I want to show you these sellers are now I want to show you these sellers are now I want to show you these sellers are selling this momentum yeah with zero selling this momentum yeah with zero selling this momentum yeah with zero results results results Now we are getting back to this. When we Now we are getting back to this. When we Now we are getting back to this. When we get back to this, someone will need to get back to this, someone will need to get back to this, someone will need to cover their position. cover their position. cover their position. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; When they need to cover the position, &gt;&gt; When they need to cover the position, &gt;&gt; When they need to cover the position, the momentum will start to build up. the momentum will start to build up. the momentum will start to build up. &gt;&gt; So let let's see what they do. Still my &gt;&gt; So let let's see what they do. Still my &gt;&gt; So let let's see what they do. Still my narrative didn't change. The only thing narrative didn't change. The only thing narrative didn't change. The only thing that could change my narrative is the that could change my narrative is the that could change my narrative is the breakout of the level. breakout of the level. breakout of the level. &gt;&gt; Still compressed inside here. &gt;&gt; Still compressed inside here. &gt;&gt; Still compressed inside here. And we recovered also the major delta And we recovered also the major delta And we recovered also the major delta point here. This means that we are above point here. This means that we are above point here. This means that we are above the strong selling level of the the strong selling level of the the strong selling level of the distribution. And if we are above here, distribution. And if we are above here, distribution. And if we are above here, we are also above the value area high and you remember the value area high and you remember the value area high and you remember before the reaction that the market had before the reaction that the market had before the reaction that the market had on the value area low. Yeah. on the value area low. Yeah. on the value area low. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like it completely used this as a pivot &gt;&gt; Like it completely used this as a pivot &gt;&gt; Like it completely used this as a pivot before collapsing down. Yeah. before collapsing down. Yeah. before collapsing down. Yeah. &gt;&gt; The same is for up like there is an &gt;&gt; The same is for up like there is an &gt;&gt; The same is for up like there is an overlap of this area overlap of this area overlap of this area &gt;&gt; and &gt;&gt; and &gt;&gt; and now I think they are now I think they are now I think they are &gt;&gt; so aggressive. If you wanted to be &gt;&gt; so aggressive. If you wanted to be &gt;&gt; so aggressive. If you wanted to be aggressive, these are, you know, this aggressive, these are, you know, this aggressive, these are, you know, this was a trade at the low you could have was a trade at the low you could have was a trade at the low you could have taken, but again, it's like taken, but again, it's like taken, but again, it's like &gt;&gt; it's not wrong, but &gt;&gt; it's not wrong, but &gt;&gt; it's not wrong, but &gt;&gt; it's super super aggressive during that &gt;&gt; it's super super aggressive during that &gt;&gt; it's super super aggressive during that time window that really isn't ideal. time window that really isn't ideal. time window that really isn't ideal. &gt;&gt; This one you should not expect more than &gt;&gt; This one you should not expect more than &gt;&gt; This one you should not expect more than 40% we rate. So, you can take it, but 40% we rate. So, you can take it, but 40% we rate. So, you can take it, but remember you are trying to take a remember you are trying to take a remember you are trying to take a falling knife. falling knife. falling knife. &gt;&gt; Yeah, a lot of times you will get cut &gt;&gt; Yeah, a lot of times you will get cut &gt;&gt; Yeah, a lot of times you will get cut and you are buying the contrarian and you are buying the contrarian and you are buying the contrarian momentum. So you are trying to stop the momentum. So you are trying to stop the momentum. So you are trying to stop the price with the big market participants price with the big market participants price with the big market participants &gt;&gt; after a lot of test and here it's more &gt;&gt; after a lot of test and here it's more &gt;&gt; after a lot of test and here it's more easy to who is winning the battle. If easy to who is winning the battle. If easy to who is winning the battle. If this low gets broken sellers are this low gets broken sellers are this low gets broken sellers are winning. If this eye gets broken buyers winning. If this eye gets broken buyers winning. If this eye gets broken buyers are winning the battle. Okay. Now you are winning the battle. Okay. Now you are winning the battle. Okay. Now you know who won the battle. Now you can know who won the battle. Now you can know who won the battle. Now you can engage. engage. engage. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Don't try to anticipate. &gt;&gt; Don't try to anticipate. &gt;&gt; Don't try to anticipate. This is the main reason why a lot of This is the main reason why a lot of This is the main reason why a lot of traders they try to anticipate what the traders they try to anticipate what the traders they try to anticipate what the market is doing before the market does market is doing before the market does market is doing before the market does it. and they get so attached to their it. and they get so attached to their it. and they get so attached to their narrative that they are not willing to narrative that they are not willing to narrative that they are not willing to change. As I told you, my narrative was change. As I told you, my narrative was change. As I told you, my narrative was long from the beginning. The market did long from the beginning. The market did long from the beginning. The market did an aggressive selloff. I was ready to an aggressive selloff. I was ready to an aggressive selloff. I was ready to change my narrative and say from this change my narrative and say from this change my narrative and say from this moment, if it breaks, I start to search moment, if it breaks, I start to search moment, if it breaks, I start to search for short. for short. for short. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; I'm not marrying my position. I don't &gt;&gt; I'm not marrying my position. I don't &gt;&gt; I'm not marrying my position. I don't care. care. care. &gt;&gt; But you have specific levels that &gt;&gt; But you have specific levels that &gt;&gt; But you have specific levels that invalidate your buys. invalidate your buys. invalidate your buys. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. Getting excited. Getting excited. Getting excited. &gt;&gt; It's not so big the volatility today to &gt;&gt; It's not so big the volatility today to &gt;&gt; It's not so big the volatility today to be honest. We are on the 5 minutes. I be honest. We are on the 5 minutes. I be honest. We are on the 5 minutes. I think they are waiting if there is a think they are waiting if there is a think they are waiting if there is a news of the other of their bombing news of the other of their bombing news of the other of their bombing because because because &gt;&gt; yeah so for context over over the &gt;&gt; yeah so for context over over the &gt;&gt; yeah so for context over over the weekend today's Monday over the weekend weekend today's Monday over the weekend weekend today's Monday over the weekend the US had bombed Iran in three the US had bombed Iran in three the US had bombed Iran in three different sites. We gapped I believe different sites. We gapped I believe different sites. We gapped I believe lower on ENQ. This is ENQ right? So we lower on ENQ. This is ENQ right? So we lower on ENQ. This is ENQ right? So we gapped lower% the gap gapped lower% the gap gapped lower% the gap &gt;&gt; we recovered the gap uh which we then &gt;&gt; we recovered the gap uh which we then &gt;&gt; we recovered the gap uh which we then started recording earlier. We then started recording earlier. We then started recording earlier. We then actually sold off and then recovered actually sold off and then recovered actually sold off and then recovered again. So we're kind of in a range at again. So we're kind of in a range at again. So we're kind of in a range at the at this current stage. the at this current stage. the at this current stage. &gt;&gt; The squeeze gets completed here. &gt;&gt; The squeeze gets completed here. &gt;&gt; The squeeze gets completed here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like if they attack this eye and all &gt;&gt; Like if they attack this eye and all &gt;&gt; Like if they attack this eye and all these are squeezed. these are squeezed. these are squeezed. &gt;&gt; So here we can expect. &gt;&gt; So here we can expect. &gt;&gt; So here we can expect. &gt;&gt; So it would be similar to what we were &gt;&gt; So it would be similar to what we were &gt;&gt; So it would be similar to what we were looking at over here and looking at over here and looking at over here and &gt;&gt; we saw this here. We saw this here &gt;&gt; we saw this here. We saw this here &gt;&gt; we saw this here. We saw this here &gt;&gt; and they build momentum. Now the squeeze &gt;&gt; and they build momentum. Now the squeeze &gt;&gt; and they build momentum. Now the squeeze that you see in London, it's that you see in London, it's that you see in London, it's &gt;&gt; much less. Yeah. Less &gt;&gt; much less. Yeah. Less &gt;&gt; much less. Yeah. Less &gt;&gt; the squeeze that you can see here is &gt;&gt; the squeeze that you can see here is &gt;&gt; the squeeze that you can see here is three times this candle. three times this candle. three times this candle. &gt;&gt; It's pretty aggressive. &gt;&gt; It's pretty aggressive. &gt;&gt; It's pretty aggressive. &gt;&gt; Mhm. And what is it that you do when you &gt;&gt; Mhm. And what is it that you do when you &gt;&gt; Mhm. And what is it that you do when you are you know active like say is in a are you know active like say is in a are you know active like say is in a different setting we're recording and different setting we're recording and different setting we're recording and everything even though you're going everything even though you're going everything even though you're going through the same motions but when you through the same motions but when you through the same motions but when you are waiting for these 10 15 for the are waiting for these 10 15 for the are waiting for these 10 15 for the price to get to the right areas for you price to get to the right areas for you price to get to the right areas for you do you still sit and watch or do you do you still sit and watch or do you do you still sit and watch or do you have it up maybe some alerts and you're have it up maybe some alerts and you're have it up maybe some alerts and you're doing other things doing other things doing other things &gt;&gt; you can put alert on levels now &gt;&gt; you can put alert on levels now &gt;&gt; you can put alert on levels now considering that I don't want to considering that I don't want to considering that I don't want to transact inside here my first alert will transact inside here my first alert will transact inside here my first alert will be here so just here be here so just here be here so just here &gt;&gt; yeah first alert will be on &gt;&gt; yeah first alert will be on &gt;&gt; yeah first alert will be on &gt;&gt; otherwise you get the temptation &gt;&gt; otherwise you get the temptation &gt;&gt; otherwise you get the temptation Yeah, like I I've been I've been tapping Yeah, like I I've been I've been tapping Yeah, like I I've been I've been tapping and now he's controlling himself. Yeah. and now he's controlling himself. Yeah. and now he's controlling himself. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh the temptation to to get because here &gt;&gt; Uh the temptation to to get because here &gt;&gt; Uh the temptation to to get because here it was really clear that the auction was it was really clear that the auction was it was really clear that the auction was failing. A lot of aggression and no failing. A lot of aggression and no failing. A lot of aggression and no follow up. But follow up. But follow up. But &gt;&gt; it's not your model like &gt;&gt; it's not your model like &gt;&gt; it's not your model like &gt;&gt; you are trying to put some intuition &gt;&gt; you are trying to put some intuition &gt;&gt; you are trying to put some intuition inside the model that is already proven inside the model that is already proven inside the model that is already proven to make money. to make money. to make money. &gt;&gt; Yes. And &gt;&gt; Yes. And &gt;&gt; Yes. And &gt;&gt; would you say that when you first &gt;&gt; would you say that when you first &gt;&gt; would you say that when you first started learning uh and to to really started learning uh and to to really started learning uh and to to really look at the market in this way, would look at the market in this way, would look at the market in this way, would you say that you fall guilty sometimes you say that you fall guilty sometimes you say that you fall guilty sometimes in the beginning of as you said trying in the beginning of as you said trying in the beginning of as you said trying to use intuition and trying to maybe to use intuition and trying to maybe to use intuition and trying to maybe overpredict and over trade almost overpredict and over trade almost overpredict and over trade almost because you feel like okay I I can see because you feel like okay I I can see because you feel like okay I I can see these sellers or I can see these buyers these sellers or I can see these buyers these sellers or I can see these buyers and you start taking executions outside and you start taking executions outside and you start taking executions outside of your model. of your model. of your model. &gt;&gt; Yes, of course you know the Dunning &gt;&gt; Yes, of course you know the Dunning &gt;&gt; Yes, of course you know the Dunning Krueger effect. Krueger effect. Krueger effect. &gt;&gt; Mhm. when you introduce in your mind a &gt;&gt; Mhm. when you introduce in your mind a &gt;&gt; Mhm. when you introduce in your mind a new concept you think you understood new concept you think you understood new concept you think you understood everything like if I introduce now order everything like if I introduce now order everything like if I introduce now order flow to a price action trader you will flow to a price action trader you will flow to a price action trader you will say oh it's so easy like there are bolts say oh it's so easy like there are bolts say oh it's so easy like there are bolts I take there are no bolts I don't take I take there are no bolts I don't take I take there are no bolts I don't take no it's not like this so in the no it's not like this so in the no it's not like this so in the beginning when I introduced it and my beginning when I introduced it and my beginning when I introduced it and my model was this and they see aggression model was this and they see aggression model was this and they see aggression and not follow up even if the model is and not follow up even if the model is and not follow up even if the model is not completed and it's not I say but why not completed and it's not I say but why not completed and it's not I say but why it's free money I jump in and then I say it's free money I jump in and then I say it's free money I jump in and then I say when you journal you understand the when you journal you understand the when you journal you understand the error that you did so when Your mind is error that you did so when Your mind is error that you did so when Your mind is cold. You understand what's the real cold. You understand what's the real cold. You understand what's the real error. Not before. error. Not before. error. Not before. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; They are starting to squeeze. You see, &gt;&gt; They are starting to squeeze. You see, &gt;&gt; They are starting to squeeze. You see, they try to break out the eye. A lot of they try to break out the eye. A lot of they try to break out the eye. A lot of buyers aggression, but the sellers still buyers aggression, but the sellers still buyers aggression, but the sellers still are pushing down limit orders like punch are pushing down limit orders like punch are pushing down limit orders like punch on the wall from the buyers. on the wall from the buyers. on the wall from the buyers. &gt;&gt; But the fact that they already reach the &gt;&gt; But the fact that they already reach the &gt;&gt; But the fact that they already reach the eye, it means that the sellers are not eye, it means that the sellers are not eye, it means that the sellers are not protecting the level anymore. So for protecting the level anymore. So for protecting the level anymore. So for example, let's say if we at this point example, let's say if we at this point example, let's say if we at this point we see buyers let's say we don't close we see buyers let's say we don't close we see buyers let's say we don't close above above above &gt;&gt; and is our likely scenario from here &gt;&gt; and is our likely scenario from here &gt;&gt; and is our likely scenario from here probably to get to here probably to get to here probably to get to here &gt;&gt; and then see again if buyers or sellers &gt;&gt; and then see again if buyers or sellers &gt;&gt; and then see again if buyers or sellers went around. went around. went around. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yes. Why? Because this is the &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yes. Why? Because this is the &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yes. Why? Because this is the level of protection and uh the candle is level of protection and uh the candle is level of protection and uh the candle is still not closed. So this is still still not closed. So this is still still not closed. So this is still building position. But if you start to building position. But if you start to building position. But if you start to see rejection this is a level that you see rejection this is a level that you see rejection this is a level that you can revisit. Now the point is that if can revisit. Now the point is that if can revisit. Now the point is that if you enter here where you put your stop you enter here where you put your stop you enter here where you put your stop loss because you see how much is big loss because you see how much is big loss because you see how much is big this candle if you want to be safe you this candle if you want to be safe you this candle if you want to be safe you will put your stop loss here. It's not will put your stop loss here. It's not will put your stop loss here. It's not worth it. worth it. worth it. &gt;&gt; Yeah of course &gt;&gt; Yeah of course &gt;&gt; Yeah of course &gt;&gt; like it's um that's what I was saying &gt;&gt; like it's um that's what I was saying &gt;&gt; like it's um that's what I was saying when volatility expand when volatility expand when volatility expand &gt;&gt; you need to make a lot of consideration &gt;&gt; you need to make a lot of consideration &gt;&gt; you need to make a lot of consideration that you were not making in long session that you were not making in long session that you were not making in long session because one candle in long session you because one candle in long session you because one candle in long session you can go short here and protect you here can go short here and protect you here can go short here and protect you here and it's okay. and it's okay. and it's okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Look here you need to protect here. It's &gt;&gt; Look here you need to protect here. It's &gt;&gt; Look here you need to protect here. It's not worth not worth not worth &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; It's just not worth the trade. &gt;&gt; It's just not worth the trade. &gt;&gt; It's just not worth the trade. And yet Troy will still take it. And yet Troy will still take it. And yet Troy will still take it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because of that as you say that that &gt;&gt; Because of that as you say that that &gt;&gt; Because of that as you say that that trying to predict or try and say okay trying to predict or try and say okay trying to predict or try and say okay this is what's going to happen. this is what's going to happen. this is what's going to happen. &gt;&gt; It's broken. Yes. Okay. I engage. I can &gt;&gt; It's broken. Yes. Okay. I engage. I can &gt;&gt; It's broken. Yes. Okay. I engage. I can start to engage start to engage start to engage &gt;&gt; to go here if I have some profit for the &gt;&gt; to go here if I have some profit for the &gt;&gt; to go here if I have some profit for the day. day. day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Otherwise &gt;&gt; Otherwise &gt;&gt; Otherwise &gt;&gt; no &gt;&gt; no &gt;&gt; no &gt;&gt; this level we stop here. But you see &gt;&gt; this level we stop here. But you see &gt;&gt; this level we stop here. But you see this buy here this buy here this buy here &gt;&gt; getting no follow through. &gt;&gt; getting no follow through. &gt;&gt; getting no follow through. &gt;&gt; Y &gt;&gt; Y &gt;&gt; Y &gt;&gt; some trader that is getting new at order &gt;&gt; some trader that is getting new at order &gt;&gt; some trader that is getting new at order fluency. Maybe I can try a short from fluency. Maybe I can try a short from fluency. Maybe I can try a short from here to here. Okay. Where you put your here to here. Okay. Where you put your here to here. Okay. Where you put your stop loss stop loss stop loss &gt;&gt; here? Is it worth it? No. Completely. &gt;&gt; here? Is it worth it? No. Completely. &gt;&gt; here? Is it worth it? No. Completely. No. You are risking more than you are No. You are risking more than you are No. You are risking more than you are expected to. expected to. expected to. &gt;&gt; Exactly. In terms of a position at the &gt;&gt; Exactly. In terms of a position at the &gt;&gt; Exactly. In terms of a position at the high, you know, the one that we're high, you know, the one that we're high, you know, the one that we're waiting for and looking for. Price waiting for and looking for. Price waiting for and looking for. Price breaks above. We do our confirmation. We breaks above. We do our confirmation. We breaks above. We do our confirmation. We get in. Do you already have a preset uh get in. Do you already have a preset uh get in. Do you already have a preset uh target in mind? Uh or is it something target in mind? Uh or is it something target in mind? Uh or is it something that will depend on once we've broken? that will depend on once we've broken? that will depend on once we've broken? So the first target is the the one with So the first target is the the one with So the first target is the the one with the highest win rate. It's the previous the highest win rate. It's the previous the highest win rate. It's the previous daily high. daily high. daily high. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So if the previous daily high was above, &gt;&gt; So if the previous daily high was above, &gt;&gt; So if the previous daily high was above, we can go to checking. Now let's check we can go to checking. Now let's check we can go to checking. Now let's check here because they are building. here because they are building. here because they are building. &gt;&gt; They're building. Yeah. &gt;&gt; They're building. Yeah. &gt;&gt; They're building. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And they are preparing the squeeze like &gt;&gt; And they are preparing the squeeze like &gt;&gt; And they are preparing the squeeze like as you can see is the first time that a as you can see is the first time that a as you can see is the first time that a candle can accept here. Now if this was candle can accept here. Now if this was candle can accept here. Now if this was happening here, this is a trade. It's happening here, this is a trade. It's happening here, this is a trade. It's happening inside. So still if they happening inside. So still if they happening inside. So still if they accept here once this is a breaker test. accept here once this is a breaker test. accept here once this is a breaker test. This is a real breakary test. This is a real breakary test. This is a real breakary test. like covering yourself below the like covering yourself below the like covering yourself below the aggression and going through the next aggression and going through the next aggression and going through the next level and it's still 1 to three 1 to4 level and it's still 1 to three 1 to4 level and it's still 1 to three 1 to4 risk-to-reward ratio. Okay, risk-to-reward ratio. Okay, risk-to-reward ratio. Okay, &gt;&gt; you see how much is different watching &gt;&gt; you see how much is different watching &gt;&gt; you see how much is different watching only candle and watching the momentum only candle and watching the momentum only candle and watching the momentum that created this candle to break out. that created this candle to break out. that created this candle to break out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like you know that this is the level if &gt;&gt; Like you know that this is the level if &gt;&gt; Like you know that this is the level if you want to trade and retest you need to you want to trade and retest you need to you want to trade and retest you need to protect yourself. protect yourself. protect yourself. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And the first target that makes sense is &gt;&gt; And the first target that makes sense is &gt;&gt; And the first target that makes sense is the level that we considered before. We the level that we considered before. We the level that we considered before. We are not reinventing the wheel. Now are not reinventing the wheel. Now are not reinventing the wheel. Now considering that we still didn't reach considering that we still didn't reach considering that we still didn't reach the high. I can go here and mark up the the high. I can go here and mark up the the high. I can go here and mark up the previous daily high. We have a lot of previous daily high. We have a lot of previous daily high. We have a lot of room. You see if this is the first room. You see if this is the first room. You see if this is the first target, we have a huge risk to reward. target, we have a huge risk to reward. target, we have a huge risk to reward. If it breaks here and test, it's 1 to If it breaks here and test, it's 1 to If it breaks here and test, it's 1 to 10, 1 to 20. 10, 1 to 20. 10, 1 to 20. Now Now Now sell is trying to sell is trying to sell is trying to &gt;&gt; stop back in. Yeah. Mhm. Failing. &gt;&gt; stop back in. Yeah. Mhm. Failing. &gt;&gt; stop back in. Yeah. Mhm. Failing. &gt;&gt; Failing. &gt;&gt; So let's recap what happened. The &gt;&gt; So let's recap what happened. The &gt;&gt; So let's recap what happened. The narrative was long from the beginning. narrative was long from the beginning. narrative was long from the beginning. Yeah, before getting us the opportunity Yeah, before getting us the opportunity Yeah, before getting us the opportunity to be right, the market took the low. to be right, the market took the low. to be right, the market took the low. &gt;&gt; Why? He revisit deep discount area. Then &gt;&gt; Why? He revisit deep discount area. Then &gt;&gt; Why? He revisit deep discount area. Then he validated the first level of squeeze. he validated the first level of squeeze. he validated the first level of squeeze. A good squeeze is when you approach the A good squeeze is when you approach the A good squeeze is when you approach the level and you see aggression and at the level and you see aggression and at the level and you see aggression and at the same time you see follow up from price. same time you see follow up from price. same time you see follow up from price. This is a good squeeze. This is a good squeeze. This is a good squeeze. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; These sellers are forced to close &gt;&gt; These sellers are forced to close &gt;&gt; These sellers are forced to close position here and what they will create position here and what they will create position here and what they will create more and more momentum. more and more momentum. more and more momentum. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. when price did come down here because when price did come down here because when price did come down here because obviously we're recording this and we're obviously we're recording this and we're obviously we're recording this and we're live and what are your thoughts like live and what are your thoughts like live and what are your thoughts like what's going through your head? Do you what's going through your head? Do you what's going through your head? Do you feel when price is down here like oh you feel when price is down here like oh you feel when price is down here like oh you know I I know I I know I I &gt;&gt; I was thinking like no no I was thinking &gt;&gt; I was thinking like no no I was thinking &gt;&gt; I was thinking like no no I was thinking to be honest that you will break the law to be honest that you will break the law to be honest that you will break the law &gt;&gt; and I was already preparing my mind for &gt;&gt; and I was already preparing my mind for &gt;&gt; and I was already preparing my mind for the narrative to be short for the day. the narrative to be short for the day. the narrative to be short for the day. &gt;&gt; I only start to change my mind when all &gt;&gt; I only start to change my mind when all &gt;&gt; I only start to change my mind when all these sell bubbles pop with this buy. these sell bubbles pop with this buy. these sell bubbles pop with this buy. Yeah. And I see that all this have zero Yeah. And I see that all this have zero Yeah. And I see that all this have zero effort effort effort &gt;&gt; that one. &gt;&gt; that one. &gt;&gt; that one. &gt;&gt; So I I trace this and I validated this &gt;&gt; So I I trace this and I validated this &gt;&gt; So I I trace this and I validated this is a low volume node. It means that is a low volume node. It means that is a low volume node. It means that there is not a lot of transaction here. there is not a lot of transaction here. there is not a lot of transaction here. The first transaction is this level The first transaction is this level The first transaction is this level where there is a huge delta on by where there is a huge delta on by where there is a huge delta on by volume. Yeah, this is exactly what volume. Yeah, this is exactly what volume. Yeah, this is exactly what stopped price this bunch of information stopped price this bunch of information stopped price this bunch of information profile low volume node aggression and profile low volume node aggression and profile low volume node aggression and lock in from buyers is something that lock in from buyers is something that lock in from buyers is something that can validate. But as I told you I never can validate. But as I told you I never can validate. But as I told you I never told you I will go long from here. Yeah, told you I will go long from here. Yeah, told you I will go long from here. Yeah, &gt;&gt; because it's just too risky. Like you &gt;&gt; because it's just too risky. Like you &gt;&gt; because it's just too risky. Like you can get lower. Now, can get lower. Now, can get lower. Now, &gt;&gt; this one was the only position that I &gt;&gt; this one was the only position that I &gt;&gt; this one was the only position that I told you if you are a breakout traders told you if you are a breakout traders told you if you are a breakout traders and you want to take, you can take this and you want to take, you can take this and you want to take, you can take this position and just trail your stop below position and just trail your stop below position and just trail your stop below your bubbles. Okay? And take your bubbles. Okay? And take your bubbles. Okay? And take &gt;&gt; if you were to buy there, where would &gt;&gt; if you were to buy there, where would &gt;&gt; if you were to buy there, where would your stop be? Under the candle low. your stop be? Under the candle low. your stop be? Under the candle low. &gt;&gt; If you want to buy here, your stop loss &gt;&gt; If you want to buy here, your stop loss &gt;&gt; If you want to buy here, your stop loss can be below the Okay. can be below the Okay. can be below the Okay. &gt;&gt; So, it's really aggressive. Like, let's &gt;&gt; So, it's really aggressive. Like, let's &gt;&gt; So, it's really aggressive. Like, let's say that the market just test this say that the market just test this say that the market just test this movement. Okay. movement. Okay. movement. Okay. &gt;&gt; Mhm. and your stop loss can be below the &gt;&gt; Mhm. and your stop loss can be below the &gt;&gt; Mhm. and your stop loss can be below the big orders. big orders. big orders. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, it's a stop loss of $200 to make &gt;&gt; So, it's a stop loss of $200 to make &gt;&gt; So, it's a stop loss of $200 to make 600. It's one to It's not bad. 600. It's one to It's not bad. 600. It's one to It's not bad. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But it's still a position created by &gt;&gt; But it's still a position created by &gt;&gt; But it's still a position created by market noise. market noise. market noise. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Is still not my setup. &gt;&gt; Is still not my setup. &gt;&gt; Is still not my setup. &gt;&gt; Still in the ranges. &gt;&gt; Still in the ranges. &gt;&gt; Still in the ranges. &gt;&gt; For sure. There will be some order flow &gt;&gt; For sure. There will be some order flow &gt;&gt; For sure. There will be some order flow trader that is profitable doing this. trader that is profitable doing this. trader that is profitable doing this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But I will never do this because &gt;&gt; Yeah. But I will never do this because &gt;&gt; Yeah. But I will never do this because the probability that the market with the the probability that the market with the the probability that the market with the volatility of New York session will get volatility of New York session will get volatility of New York session will get back here and do this move movement. back here and do this move movement. back here and do this move movement. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And create just a week then you are &gt;&gt; And create just a week then you are &gt;&gt; And create just a week then you are right on your position. But maybe it right on your position. But maybe it right on your position. But maybe it creates a week is really high. creates a week is really high. creates a week is really high. &gt;&gt; So in this case we were lucky. It fell &gt;&gt; So in this case we were lucky. It fell &gt;&gt; So in this case we were lucky. It fell to the to the pip it rejected and when to the to the pip it rejected and when to the to the pip it rejected and when if this breaks the low we are already if this breaks the low we are already if this breaks the low we are already zero risk. zero risk. zero risk. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; So you are fast. You are really &gt;&gt; So you are fast. You are really &gt;&gt; So you are fast. You are really reasoning fast. But reasoning fast. But reasoning fast. But &gt;&gt; if I had to advise to a friend would I &gt;&gt; if I had to advise to a friend would I &gt;&gt; if I had to advise to a friend would I use this model? No. because it's it's a use this model? No. because it's it's a use this model? No. because it's it's a lot of stress. Imagine that in one lot of stress. Imagine that in one lot of stress. Imagine that in one minute on in five minutes you have to minute on in five minutes you have to minute on in five minutes you have to trail on the next block you need to be trail on the next block you need to be trail on the next block you need to be really fast. Imagine risky $5,000 on the really fast. Imagine risky $5,000 on the really fast. Imagine risky $5,000 on the position. position. position. &gt;&gt; Very true. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Very true. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Very true. Yeah. &gt;&gt; You need gut. &gt;&gt; You need gut. &gt;&gt; You need gut. &gt;&gt; But when the the range of the New York &gt;&gt; But when the the range of the New York &gt;&gt; But when the the range of the New York session is clear and you have a breakout session is clear and you have a breakout session is clear and you have a breakout of the compression, you have data of the compression, you have data of the compression, you have data supporting this to the point that there supporting this to the point that there supporting this to the point that there are a lot of studies about u initial are a lot of studies about u initial are a lot of studies about u initial initial breakout. Mhm. initial breakout. Mhm. initial breakout. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Like you know the model initial breakout &gt;&gt; Like you know the model initial breakout &gt;&gt; Like you know the model initial breakout when mark um New York American equities when mark um New York American equities when mark um New York American equities break out the low break out the low break out the low &gt;&gt; or the high of the New York opening &gt;&gt; or the high of the New York opening &gt;&gt; or the high of the New York opening there is a huge probability that they there is a huge probability that they there is a huge probability that they will continue. So I'm using a structural will continue. So I'm using a structural will continue. So I'm using a structural inefficiency of the market. Yeah. inefficiency of the market. Yeah. inefficiency of the market. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Just timing it better than usual traders &gt;&gt; Just timing it better than usual traders &gt;&gt; Just timing it better than usual traders because I have order flow but I'm not because I have order flow but I'm not because I have order flow but I'm not reinventing the wheel. reinventing the wheel. reinventing the wheel. &gt;&gt; Of course &gt;&gt; Of course &gt;&gt; Of course &gt;&gt; is nothing exceptional about it. And &gt;&gt; is nothing exceptional about it. And &gt;&gt; is nothing exceptional about it. And this is the fourth time that in this this is the fourth time that in this this is the fourth time that in this timeline we come back to the level that timeline we come back to the level that timeline we come back to the level that I told you and we still reject sellers I told you and we still reject sellers I told you and we still reject sellers zero result. Buyers aggressive new zero result. Buyers aggressive new zero result. Buyers aggressive new auction if it breaks this low risk zero. auction if it breaks this low risk zero. auction if it breaks this low risk zero. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like &gt;&gt; it's incredible to witness. Now what do &gt;&gt; it's incredible to witness. Now what do &gt;&gt; it's incredible to witness. Now what do you think to the the term or statement you think to the the term or statement you think to the the term or statement that people make in terms of buy low, that people make in terms of buy low, that people make in terms of buy low, sell high? Because in this case what sell high? Because in this case what sell high? Because in this case what we're we're we're &gt;&gt; buy low, sell high. It's uh I'm totally &gt;&gt; buy low, sell high. It's uh I'm totally &gt;&gt; buy low, sell high. It's uh I'm totally opposite to it. That's what I'm thinking opposite to it. That's what I'm thinking opposite to it. That's what I'm thinking &gt;&gt; cuz I was thinking like at the low there &gt;&gt; cuz I was thinking like at the low there &gt;&gt; cuz I was thinking like at the low there where we you know I would look at and where we you know I would look at and where we you know I would look at and I'm sure a lot of other people would be I'm sure a lot of other people would be I'm sure a lot of other people would be like oh you put it long that would be a like oh you put it long that would be a like oh you put it long that would be a great place to buy but as you say that great place to buy but as you say that great place to buy but as you say that yes you could but on the most chances yes you could but on the most chances yes you could but on the most chances &gt;&gt; no wait you can if you are like uh uh if &gt;&gt; no wait you can if you are like uh uh if &gt;&gt; no wait you can if you are like uh uh if you know the fair value of the asset you know the fair value of the asset you know the fair value of the asset like if I would be doing this for a car like if I would be doing this for a car like if I would be doing this for a car that I already know the market price. that I already know the market price. that I already know the market price. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, &gt;&gt; that that is stable the market price. I &gt;&gt; that that is stable the market price. I &gt;&gt; that that is stable the market price. I can buy low and create my business can buy low and create my business can buy low and create my business around it. But market there is not too around it. But market there is not too around it. But market there is not too high of a price for one asset. Yes. high of a price for one asset. Yes. high of a price for one asset. Yes. &gt;&gt; Because the asset price change &gt;&gt; Because the asset price change &gt;&gt; Because the asset price change constantly, constantly, constantly, &gt;&gt; you know. So is by law low compared to &gt;&gt; you know. So is by law low compared to &gt;&gt; you know. So is by law low compared to what what what &gt;&gt; exactly? &gt;&gt; exactly? &gt;&gt; exactly? &gt;&gt; Low compared to option flow. It makes &gt;&gt; Low compared to option flow. It makes &gt;&gt; Low compared to option flow. It makes sense. sense. sense. &gt;&gt; Low compared to order flow. There is no &gt;&gt; Low compared to order flow. There is no &gt;&gt; Low compared to order flow. There is no law. You are buying high. I will never law. You are buying high. I will never law. You are buying high. I will never sell this movement. You see what it's sell this movement. You see what it's sell this movement. You see what it's doing now? This one is already doing now? This one is already doing now? This one is already zero risk. zero risk. zero risk. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Some minutes now starting to get &gt;&gt; Okay. Some minutes now starting to get &gt;&gt; Okay. Some minutes now starting to get interesting for sellers because we are interesting for sellers because we are interesting for sellers because we are reaching what the level that we mark out reaching what the level that we mark out reaching what the level that we mark out 4 hours ago and is still holding. 4 hours ago and is still holding. 4 hours ago and is still holding. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; What would you expect you would you &gt;&gt; What would you expect you would you &gt;&gt; What would you expect you would you expect price to or would you want price expect price to or would you want price expect price to or would you want price to break through aggressively or would to break through aggressively or would to break through aggressively or would you actually not mind if price reaches you actually not mind if price reaches you actually not mind if price reaches the level, sells off a bit and then the level, sells off a bit and then the level, sells off a bit and then breaks uh thereafter? was like the the breaks uh thereafter? was like the the breaks uh thereafter? was like the the prime like the ideal scenario. prime like the ideal scenario. prime like the ideal scenario. &gt;&gt; I expect the sellers to get destroyed as &gt;&gt; I expect the sellers to get destroyed as &gt;&gt; I expect the sellers to get destroyed as what I told you from the beginning. I what I told you from the beginning. I what I told you from the beginning. I expect aggressive market participant to expect aggressive market participant to expect aggressive market participant to step in as soon as we reach this high. step in as soon as we reach this high. step in as soon as we reach this high. &gt;&gt; A little bit of pullback and then &gt;&gt; A little bit of pullback and then &gt;&gt; A little bit of pullback and then &gt;&gt; going uh going aggressive as I told you &gt;&gt; going uh going aggressive as I told you &gt;&gt; going uh going aggressive as I told you by the first 15 to 20 minutes of the by the first 15 to 20 minutes of the by the first 15 to 20 minutes of the session the direction is clear and it's session the direction is clear and it's session the direction is clear and it's exactly 20 minutes for me. The direction exactly 20 minutes for me. The direction exactly 20 minutes for me. The direction is clear. is clear. is clear. &gt;&gt; Yeah. First position was breakout trades &gt;&gt; Yeah. First position was breakout trades &gt;&gt; Yeah. First position was breakout trades to get the high but you are still in to get the high but you are still in to get the high but you are still in line with statistic distribution. Why? line with statistic distribution. Why? line with statistic distribution. Why? Because you are getting a movement. Because you are getting a movement. Because you are getting a movement. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; When a level gets broken supported by &gt;&gt; When a level gets broken supported by &gt;&gt; When a level gets broken supported by volume and you are getting out your volume and you are getting out your volume and you are getting out your position before the level. Yes. position before the level. Yes. position before the level. Yes. &gt;&gt; So you are not trying to you see if we &gt;&gt; So you are not trying to you see if we &gt;&gt; So you are not trying to you see if we keep the target to the high it's already keep the target to the high it's already keep the target to the high it's already rejecting. Maybe now we does a whips and rejecting. Maybe now we does a whips and rejecting. Maybe now we does a whips and then explode. then explode. then explode. &gt;&gt; Exactly. was amazing to see especially &gt;&gt; Exactly. was amazing to see especially &gt;&gt; Exactly. was amazing to see especially for the fact that okay we didn't take for the fact that okay we didn't take for the fact that okay we didn't take this position because didn't fit the this position because didn't fit the this position because didn't fit the playbook playbook playbook &gt;&gt; didn't fit the &gt;&gt; didn't fit the &gt;&gt; didn't fit the &gt;&gt; we don't have the house money from &gt;&gt; we don't have the house money from &gt;&gt; we don't have the house money from trading earlier for example to take the trading earlier for example to take the trading earlier for example to take the risk risk risk &gt;&gt; and the that's I think so important to &gt;&gt; and the that's I think so important to &gt;&gt; and the that's I think so important to highlight because a lot of traders out highlight because a lot of traders out highlight because a lot of traders out there think you have a bias anything there think you have a bias anything there think you have a bias anything that fits that bias you take so in this that fits that bias you take so in this that fits that bias you take so in this case for example you you let's say you case for example you you let's say you case for example you you let's say you came in long came in long came in long &gt;&gt; and you would take a long you try to &gt;&gt; and you would take a long you try to &gt;&gt; and you would take a long you try to take a long at the low there you try and take a long at the low there you try and take a long at the low there you try and take a long there you try any long take a long there you try any long take a long there you try any long that's possible you try and take right that's possible you try and take right that's possible you try and take right in reality you have your playbook. in reality you have your playbook. in reality you have your playbook. &gt;&gt; It doesn't matter what your bias is. As &gt;&gt; It doesn't matter what your bias is. As &gt;&gt; It doesn't matter what your bias is. As long as that playbook hasn't presented long as that playbook hasn't presented long as that playbook hasn't presented itself, you do nothing right on your itself, you do nothing right on your itself, you do nothing right on your hands. hands. hands. &gt;&gt; I think they will get a lot of value &gt;&gt; I think they will get a lot of value &gt;&gt; I think they will get a lot of value from conceptwise from these trades from conceptwise from these trades from conceptwise from these trades because this is explaining exactly because this is explaining exactly because this is explaining exactly &gt;&gt; sure it was beautiful cuz even that I &gt;&gt; sure it was beautiful cuz even that I &gt;&gt; sure it was beautiful cuz even that I would say that that's not the it's not would say that that's not the it's not would say that that's not the it's not the worst trade in the world, right? the worst trade in the world, right? the worst trade in the world, right? It's it's with the bias. It's it's with the bias. It's it's with the bias. &gt;&gt; It's one to three in three minutes like &gt;&gt; It's one to three in three minutes like &gt;&gt; It's one to three in three minutes like it's worth it. Just it's worth it. Just it's worth it. Just &gt;&gt; depends on your playbook. Yeah. all. &gt;&gt; depends on your playbook. Yeah. all. &gt;&gt; depends on your playbook. Yeah. all. Yeah, it depends who you play with. Yeah, it depends who you play with. Yeah, it depends who you play with. That's what I'm saying though. It's It's That's what I'm saying though. It's It's That's what I'm saying though. It's It's incredible to be able to see. Okay, we incredible to be able to see. Okay, we incredible to be able to see. Okay, we had a bias. Here's a trade opportunity. had a bias. Here's a trade opportunity. had a bias. Here's a trade opportunity. Played out beautifully even with the Played out beautifully even with the Played out beautifully even with the explanation as well in real time, which explanation as well in real time, which explanation as well in real time, which is most important. Um, yeah, it's is most important. Um, yeah, it's is most important. Um, yeah, it's phenomenal to see and we're excited to phenomenal to see and we're excited to phenomenal to see and we're excited to see how we continue to push through. see how we continue to push through. see how we continue to push through. &gt;&gt; Now, um, what we should expect here is &gt;&gt; Now, um, what we should expect here is &gt;&gt; Now, um, what we should expect here is revisiting this area. Why? revisiting this area. Why? revisiting this area. Why? &gt;&gt; Aggressive buyers &gt;&gt; Aggressive buyers &gt;&gt; Aggressive buyers &gt;&gt; failed, &gt;&gt; failed, &gt;&gt; failed, &gt;&gt; not holding failed. &gt;&gt; not holding failed. &gt;&gt; not holding failed. We knew exact we placed our target We knew exact we placed our target We knew exact we placed our target exactly where we should expect a exactly where we should expect a exactly where we should expect a reaction. Now there are two question. reaction. Now there are two question. reaction. Now there are two question. First question is First question is First question is &gt;&gt; how much deep will be this retracement. &gt;&gt; how much deep will be this retracement. &gt;&gt; how much deep will be this retracement. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Second question is we want to be in a &gt;&gt; Second question is we want to be in a &gt;&gt; Second question is we want to be in a long position if we get back here. No. long position if we get back here. No. long position if we get back here. No. Why? Because it's still not clear the Why? Because it's still not clear the Why? Because it's still not clear the dealing dealing dealing &gt;&gt; till these big boys don't fail and says &gt;&gt; till these big boys don't fail and says &gt;&gt; till these big boys don't fail and says because the good edge is that if this because the good edge is that if this because the good edge is that if this big boys gets broken. big boys gets broken. big boys gets broken. &gt;&gt; Yeah. This needs to close position and &gt;&gt; Yeah. This needs to close position and &gt;&gt; Yeah. This needs to close position and if all these dealing regions getting in if all these dealing regions getting in if all these dealing regions getting in suffer suffer suffer &gt;&gt; we are skyrocketing high and you will &gt;&gt; we are skyrocketing high and you will &gt;&gt; we are skyrocketing high and you will say how is it possible that we are say how is it possible that we are say how is it possible that we are skyrocketing high if we have a situation skyrocketing high if we have a situation skyrocketing high if we have a situation like this from global macro perspective like this from global macro perspective like this from global macro perspective that's the good part about order flow that's the good part about order flow that's the good part about order flow you the market already includes all the you the market already includes all the you the market already includes all the information possible you need to read information possible you need to read information possible you need to read what the market is telling you not what the market is telling you not what the market is telling you not putting the preconcept of no it will not putting the preconcept of no it will not putting the preconcept of no it will not do this because there is that no your do this because there is that no your do this because there is that no your role is only to read the data role is only to read the data role is only to read the data &gt;&gt; the market itself &gt;&gt; the market itself &gt;&gt; the market itself &gt;&gt; the market itself there is no better &gt;&gt; the market itself there is no better &gt;&gt; the market itself there is no better mentor than market mentor than market mentor than market &gt;&gt; so is it the case normally then so we'll &gt;&gt; so is it the case normally then so we'll &gt;&gt; so is it the case normally then so we'll see at this point this is a previous see at this point this is a previous see at this point this is a previous auction where sellers had won auction where sellers had won auction where sellers had won &gt;&gt; and in this case because we've seen &gt;&gt; and in this case because we've seen &gt;&gt; and in this case because we've seen buyers try to step in fail get absorbed buyers try to step in fail get absorbed buyers try to step in fail get absorbed we then would expect the previous we then would expect the previous we then would expect the previous auction to be revisited to see who's auction to be revisited to see who's auction to be revisited to see who's going to win that battle going to win that battle going to win that battle &gt;&gt; and essentially it's a constant flow of &gt;&gt; and essentially it's a constant flow of &gt;&gt; and essentially it's a constant flow of &gt;&gt; what is this as you say expens expensive &gt;&gt; what is this as you say expens expensive &gt;&gt; what is this as you say expens expensive or is this cheap? Is this where buyers or is this cheap? Is this where buyers or is this cheap? Is this where buyers are are happy to transact out and win are are happy to transact out and win are are happy to transact out and win the transaction or sellers? And the transaction or sellers? And the transaction or sellers? And therefore, we constantly have the next therefore, we constantly have the next therefore, we constantly have the next play ready. The next play ready play ready. The next play ready play ready. The next play ready according. So if for example instead of according. So if for example instead of according. So if for example instead of us the buyers failing here and we us the buyers failing here and we us the buyers failing here and we actually won actually won actually won &gt;&gt; and we broke above. &gt;&gt; and we broke above. &gt;&gt; and we broke above. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; We would then &gt;&gt; We would then &gt;&gt; We would then as you said there would probably be a as you said there would probably be a as you said there would probably be a squeeze. squeeze. squeeze. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; How would you let's say if that was to &gt;&gt; How would you let's say if that was to &gt;&gt; How would you let's say if that was to take place? take place? take place? &gt;&gt; Mhm. Where would you look to try and &gt;&gt; Mhm. Where would you look to try and &gt;&gt; Mhm. Where would you look to try and enter if because a squeeze let's say a enter if because a squeeze let's say a enter if because a squeeze let's say a squeeze takes place that' be quite squeeze takes place that' be quite squeeze takes place that' be quite aggressive right it will be quite aggressive right it will be quite aggressive right it will be quite aggressive it will be aggressive it will be aggressive it will be &gt;&gt; with a lot of big trades inside I will &gt;&gt; with a lot of big trades inside I will &gt;&gt; with a lot of big trades inside I will plot my profile plot my profile plot my profile &gt;&gt; search for the first low volume node &gt;&gt; search for the first low volume node &gt;&gt; search for the first low volume node jump in with a really tight stop loss jump in with a really tight stop loss jump in with a really tight stop loss and get the explosion and get the explosion and get the explosion &gt;&gt; okay got you &gt;&gt; okay got you &gt;&gt; okay got you &gt;&gt; and this way you can get really fast one &gt;&gt; and this way you can get really fast one &gt;&gt; and this way you can get really fast one two three one to five if you have five two three one to five if you have five two three one to five if you have five art for the day you are done art for the day you are done art for the day you are done &gt;&gt; what you need it's a beautiful trade &gt;&gt; what you need it's a beautiful trade &gt;&gt; what you need it's a beautiful trade &gt;&gt; and the good part is that if You take &gt;&gt; and the good part is that if You take &gt;&gt; and the good part is that if You take two stop loss. The stop loss is so small two stop loss. The stop loss is so small two stop loss. The stop loss is so small &gt;&gt; that you can afford to take three or &gt;&gt; that you can afford to take three or &gt;&gt; that you can afford to take three or four stop loss. four stop loss. four stop loss. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And you on average what do you look to &gt;&gt; And you on average what do you look to &gt;&gt; And you on average what do you look to risk? Does it depend on the day or the risk? Does it depend on the day or the risk? Does it depend on the day or the account that you're trading? account that you're trading? account that you're trading? &gt;&gt; Usually I I risk 0.25% per trade because &gt;&gt; Usually I I risk 0.25% per trade because &gt;&gt; Usually I I risk 0.25% per trade because I trade personal account. I trade personal account. I trade personal account. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And uh in the Robins cap I reach till &gt;&gt; And uh in the Robins cap I reach till &gt;&gt; And uh in the Robins cap I reach till 0.5% per trade. Uh sometimes when I get 0.5% per trade. Uh sometimes when I get 0.5% per trade. Uh sometimes when I get above 100% of return I get to 1%. above 100% of return I get to 1%. above 100% of return I get to 1%. Gotcha. But I will my role is always Gotcha. But I will my role is always Gotcha. But I will my role is always keeping draw down low because commission keeping draw down low because commission keeping draw down low because commission it's really heavy there. Yes. Like 600 it's really heavy there. Yes. Like 600 it's really heavy there. Yes. Like 600 execution per quarter can cost you 10 execution per quarter can cost you 10 execution per quarter can cost you 10 20% of the account. So it's like you 20% of the account. So it's like you 20% of the account. So it's like you don't need only to make profit. You need don't need only to make profit. You need don't need only to make profit. You need also to repay commission. So it's just also to repay commission. So it's just also to repay commission. So it's just not not uh convenient to execute. What's not not uh convenient to execute. What's not not uh convenient to execute. What's happening here? happening here? happening here? &gt;&gt; We're seeing the buyers trying to trying &gt;&gt; We're seeing the buyers trying to trying &gt;&gt; We're seeing the buyers trying to trying to break this level. to break this level. to break this level. &gt;&gt; Yeah. They are getting aggressive to the &gt;&gt; Yeah. They are getting aggressive to the &gt;&gt; Yeah. They are getting aggressive to the eye. What does it mean that they are eye. What does it mean that they are eye. What does it mean that they are willing to pay higher price? Yeah. willing to pay higher price? Yeah. willing to pay higher price? Yeah. &gt;&gt; For this asset. Yeah. So is it too &gt;&gt; For this asset. Yeah. So is it too &gt;&gt; For this asset. Yeah. So is it too expensive to buy? No. Because if it was expensive to buy? No. Because if it was expensive to buy? No. Because if it was too expensive, aggressive buyers will too expensive, aggressive buyers will too expensive, aggressive buyers will not participate here. So it means that not participate here. So it means that not participate here. So it means that still my narrative is buyer. Even if I still my narrative is buyer. Even if I still my narrative is buyer. Even if I didn't break this level, I already know didn't break this level, I already know didn't break this level, I already know what to expect for the day. Already what to expect for the day. Already what to expect for the day. Already know. And we are getting ready for the know. And we are getting ready for the know. And we are getting ready for the squeeze. The squeeze will be present squeeze. The squeeze will be present squeeze. The squeeze will be present here. Look. here. Look. here. Look. &gt;&gt; There you have it. &gt;&gt; There you have it. &gt;&gt; There you have it. &gt;&gt; This is the squeeze. Now what can we &gt;&gt; This is the squeeze. Now what can we &gt;&gt; This is the squeeze. Now what can we expect? expect? expect? Really fast analysis. Really fast analysis. Really fast analysis. This is the bunch of aggressive trades This is the bunch of aggressive trades This is the bunch of aggressive trades that are populating this movement. that are populating this movement. that are populating this movement. &gt;&gt; Y &gt;&gt; Y &gt;&gt; Y &gt;&gt; I will not plot the profile because this &gt;&gt; I will not plot the profile because this &gt;&gt; I will not plot the profile because this is all low volume node. is all low volume node. is all low volume node. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; They didn't transact efficiently. So the &gt;&gt; They didn't transact efficiently. So the &gt;&gt; They didn't transact efficiently. So the first position that you can take here is first position that you can take here is first position that you can take here is protected by this area. Okay. So if this protected by this area. Okay. So if this protected by this area. Okay. So if this candle close and it's only five minutes candle close and it's only five minutes candle close and it's only five minutes uh it can either give us a follow uh it can either give us a follow uh it can either give us a follow through so break of the eye and we get a through so break of the eye and we get a through so break of the eye and we get a retracement because remember we never retracement because remember we never retracement because remember we never take the first drive. take the first drive. take the first drive. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Because it can be a fake out. &gt;&gt; Because it can be a fake out. &gt;&gt; Because it can be a fake out. &gt;&gt; You're on the confirmation. Yeah. &gt;&gt; You're on the confirmation. Yeah. &gt;&gt; You're on the confirmation. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; See it can be a fake out. It can be &gt;&gt; See it can be a fake out. It can be &gt;&gt; See it can be a fake out. It can be absorbed and snapped back. absorbed and snapped back. absorbed and snapped back. &gt;&gt; I'm getting too excited. I'm like yeah &gt;&gt; I'm getting too excited. I'm like yeah &gt;&gt; I'm getting too excited. I'm like yeah execution. Let's get let's get in here. execution. Let's get let's get in here. execution. Let's get let's get in here. But this is why you're the professional But this is why you're the professional But this is why you're the professional and I'm the podcaster. But it is incredible honestly uh to see But it is incredible honestly uh to see But it is incredible honestly uh to see you know play by play you know play by play you know play by play &gt;&gt; uh we can have a position here if it &gt;&gt; uh we can have a position here if it &gt;&gt; uh we can have a position here if it breaks the low you can get the first breaks the low you can get the first breaks the low you can get the first position of risk here targeting a one position of risk here targeting a one position of risk here targeting a one to2 so we are risking 6 600 to make to2 so we are risking 6 600 to make to2 so we are risking 6 600 to make potentially potentially potentially double 1,200 and if we want we can also double 1,200 and if we want we can also double 1,200 and if we want we can also trail our stop loss trail our stop loss trail our stop loss &gt;&gt; to the to the high and the high is a &gt;&gt; to the to the high and the high is a &gt;&gt; to the to the high and the high is a huge risk to reward if it achieves huge risk to reward if it achieves huge risk to reward if it achieves leaves it. But our rule now is to put leaves it. But our rule now is to put leaves it. But our rule now is to put our stop loss to risk zero as soon as our stop loss to risk zero as soon as our stop loss to risk zero as soon as possible. possible. possible. &gt;&gt; Of course. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Of course. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Of course. Yeah. &gt;&gt; This &gt;&gt; This &gt;&gt; This &gt;&gt; so this long executes if the high gets &gt;&gt; so this long executes if the high gets &gt;&gt; so this long executes if the high gets broken. broken. broken. &gt;&gt; Yeah. This execution can be on by stop &gt;&gt; Yeah. This execution can be on by stop &gt;&gt; Yeah. This execution can be on by stop like like like &gt;&gt; buy stop. Yeah. &gt;&gt; buy stop. Yeah. &gt;&gt; buy stop. Yeah. &gt;&gt; If it uh breaks the high you can be &gt;&gt; If it uh breaks the high you can be &gt;&gt; If it uh breaks the high you can be inside the position. Now this this makes inside the position. Now this this makes inside the position. Now this this makes sense because we are protected by all sense because we are protected by all sense because we are protected by all these big orders you know. these big orders you know. these big orders you know. &gt;&gt; So as soon as this week gets taken you &gt;&gt; So as soon as this week gets taken you &gt;&gt; So as soon as this week gets taken you are just inside and you are covered are just inside and you are covered are just inside and you are covered here. Why? Because look look what's here. Why? Because look look what's here. Why? Because look look what's happening here. If this okay we are happening here. If this okay we are happening here. If this okay we are inside in this position. We are risking inside in this position. We are risking inside in this position. We are risking $650. $650. $650. If these sellers are getting aggressive If these sellers are getting aggressive If these sellers are getting aggressive and we are getting anniated we want to and we are getting anniated we want to and we are getting anniated we want to be out as soon as possible because it be out as soon as possible because it be out as soon as possible because it means we are wrong. means we are wrong. means we are wrong. &gt;&gt; Yeah. At the same time if we see these &gt;&gt; Yeah. At the same time if we see these &gt;&gt; Yeah. At the same time if we see these sellers getting completely absorbed by sellers getting completely absorbed by sellers getting completely absorbed by buyers in continuing up doesn't fail the buyers in continuing up doesn't fail the buyers in continuing up doesn't fail the stop and we are stop and we are stop and we are &gt;&gt; if we go above would you say that it &gt;&gt; if we go above would you say that it &gt;&gt; if we go above would you say that it would uh would it cause a squeeze would uh would it cause a squeeze would uh would it cause a squeeze because especially because of the size because especially because of the size because especially because of the size of of of &gt;&gt; understood how it works. &gt;&gt; understood how it works. &gt;&gt; understood how it works. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So if we break above now for example and &gt;&gt; So if we break above now for example and &gt;&gt; So if we break above now for example and we continue higher in terms of trailing we continue higher in terms of trailing we continue higher in terms of trailing your stop would you be then trailing it your stop would you be then trailing it your stop would you be then trailing it beneath? beneath? beneath? &gt;&gt; It's not so difficult. No, it's not. &gt;&gt; It's not so difficult. No, it's not. &gt;&gt; It's not so difficult. No, it's not. &gt;&gt; It is so interesting because as I was &gt;&gt; It is so interesting because as I was &gt;&gt; It is so interesting because as I was saying to you earlier like I think a lot saying to you earlier like I think a lot saying to you earlier like I think a lot of people have a huge misconception with of people have a huge misconception with of people have a huge misconception with &gt;&gt; they think order flow it's hard. &gt;&gt; they think order flow it's hard. &gt;&gt; they think order flow it's hard. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Just order their flow is reading an &gt;&gt; Just order their flow is reading an &gt;&gt; Just order their flow is reading an alphabet. You need to learn letters and alphabet. You need to learn letters and alphabet. You need to learn letters and then that's it. But it's really strange then that's it. But it's really strange then that's it. But it's really strange what's happening here because it's not what's happening here because it's not what's happening here because it's not common that you have a breakout and you common that you have a breakout and you common that you have a breakout and you don't test. They are leaving a huge low don't test. They are leaving a huge low don't test. They are leaving a huge low volume node. The only thing I'm afraid volume node. The only thing I'm afraid volume node. The only thing I'm afraid because consider that we are now in the because consider that we are now in the because consider that we are now in the position is that in the test of the low position is that in the test of the low position is that in the test of the low volume node they will spike out but we volume node they will spike out but we volume node they will spike out but we we will take multiple position in this we will take multiple position in this we will take multiple position in this case. Yeah. So they are pushing the eye. case. Yeah. So they are pushing the eye. case. Yeah. So they are pushing the eye. What does it mean if they are pushing What does it mean if they are pushing What does it mean if they are pushing the eye and make another drive? This big the eye and make another drive? This big the eye and make another drive? This big boy needs to close the position because boy needs to close the position because boy needs to close the position because he's losing. And if this boy needs to he's losing. And if this boy needs to he's losing. And if this boy needs to cover himself, the squeeze can get cover himself, the squeeze can get cover himself, the squeeze can get interesting. See, just analyzing balls, not price. See, just analyzing balls, not price. See, just analyzing balls, not price. &gt;&gt; These balls look &gt;&gt; These balls look &gt;&gt; These balls look &gt;&gt; just a game of balls. &gt;&gt; just a game of balls. &gt;&gt; just a game of balls. &gt;&gt; When they start overlapping, it kind of &gt;&gt; When they start overlapping, it kind of &gt;&gt; When they start overlapping, it kind of looks like ICT's enigma, you know, like looks like ICT's enigma, you know, like looks like ICT's enigma, you know, like &gt;&gt; this is how this is how it's really &gt;&gt; this is how this is how it's really &gt;&gt; this is how this is how it's really going on. Yeah. But now going on. Yeah. But now going on. Yeah. But now &gt;&gt; the algorithm is saying that we are &gt;&gt; the algorithm is saying that we are &gt;&gt; the algorithm is saying that we are going to get long. going to get long. going to get long. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. It's not orderful. It sound good. It's not orderful. It sound good. It's not orderful. It sound good. &gt;&gt; It is incredible though. Honestly, &gt;&gt; It is incredible though. Honestly, &gt;&gt; It is incredible though. Honestly, &gt;&gt; you can only understand where is price &gt;&gt; you can only understand where is price &gt;&gt; you can only understand where is price because you watch this line. You see because you watch this line. You see because you watch this line. You see this? this? this? &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Exactly. It's so interesting honestly. &gt;&gt; Exactly. It's so interesting honestly. &gt;&gt; Exactly. It's so interesting honestly. But I'd love to I do wonder, you know, But I'd love to I do wonder, you know, But I'd love to I do wonder, you know, what the audience are thinking at this what the audience are thinking at this what the audience are thinking at this stage. You know, what they would feel stage. You know, what they would feel stage. You know, what they would feel trading this live, especially when we trading this live, especially when we trading this live, especially when we were down at the low at the open when were down at the low at the open when were down at the low at the open when you said that we'll see a shakeout. I you said that we'll see a shakeout. I you said that we'll see a shakeout. I wonder how many people would probably be wonder how many people would probably be wonder how many people would probably be looking to either uh short, probably looking to either uh short, probably looking to either uh short, probably been stopped out already and trying to been stopped out already and trying to been stopped out already and trying to revenge trade or get back in or like revenge trade or get back in or like revenge trade or get back in or like what would that look like, you know, for what would that look like, you know, for what would that look like, you know, for for a lot of people cuz I can imagine for a lot of people cuz I can imagine for a lot of people cuz I can imagine &gt;&gt; down there a lot of people probably &gt;&gt; down there a lot of people probably &gt;&gt; down there a lot of people probably would have been shorting shorting would have been shorting shorting would have been shorting shorting shorting expecting, you know, a follow shorting expecting, you know, a follow shorting expecting, you know, a follow through down through down through down &gt;&gt; but then, you know, especially after the &gt;&gt; but then, you know, especially after the &gt;&gt; but then, you know, especially after the gap's been filled as well, right? gap's been filled as well, right? gap's been filled as well, right? Because a lot of people would assume be Because a lot of people would assume be Because a lot of people would assume be gap filled in London, we're going to gap filled in London, we're going to gap filled in London, we're going to then continue lower, right? Uh but as we then continue lower, right? Uh but as we then continue lower, right? Uh but as we can see can see can see &gt;&gt; but in what's good about what's what's &gt;&gt; but in what's good about what's what's &gt;&gt; but in what's good about what's what's happening like the sellers the sellers happening like the sellers the sellers happening like the sellers the sellers are getting completely destroyed then are getting completely destroyed then are getting completely destroyed then soon soon soon &gt;&gt; we have the incredible incredible incredible &gt;&gt; soon we have the we can put the stop &gt;&gt; soon we have the we can put the stop &gt;&gt; soon we have the we can put the stop loss at break even we have a long way to loss at break even we have a long way to loss at break even we have a long way to go still. go still. go still. &gt;&gt; So at this stage would you have scale uh &gt;&gt; So at this stage would you have scale uh &gt;&gt; So at this stage would you have scale uh moved the stop loss beneath the the red moved the stop loss beneath the the red moved the stop loss beneath the the red uh the red bubble there? There's only uh the red bubble there? There's only uh the red bubble there? There's only one reason I will not do it and they one reason I will not do it and they one reason I will not do it and they will be happy to take a stop loss if it will be happy to take a stop loss if it will be happy to take a stop loss if it snap back at me because there is low snap back at me because there is low snap back at me because there is low volume low volume node like you they can volume low volume node like you they can volume low volume node like you they can push a spike really fast and they get push a spike really fast and they get push a spike really fast and they get liquidated in a really good position. liquidated in a really good position. liquidated in a really good position. &gt;&gt; Got you. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Got you. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Got you. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like this position it's only one &gt;&gt; Like this position it's only one &gt;&gt; Like this position it's only one contract contract contract &gt;&gt; can give you 1,000. Look how much it's &gt;&gt; can give you 1,000. Look how much it's &gt;&gt; can give you 1,000. Look how much it's pushing. Like pushing. Like pushing. Like &gt;&gt; that makes sense. Yeah. &gt;&gt; that makes sense. Yeah. &gt;&gt; that makes sense. Yeah. &gt;&gt; No, we got we enter here and we got one &gt;&gt; No, we got we enter here and we got one &gt;&gt; No, we got we enter here and we got one lazer green line. You cannot expect lazer green line. You cannot expect lazer green line. You cannot expect anything better as a trader because you anything better as a trader because you anything better as a trader because you are just psychologically it's way better are just psychologically it's way better are just psychologically it's way better than being included in this mess. No, than being included in this mess. No, than being included in this mess. No, &gt;&gt; very true. Yeah, very very true. &gt;&gt; very true. Yeah, very very true. &gt;&gt; very true. Yeah, very very true. &gt;&gt; It's time for us to put the risk to &gt;&gt; It's time for us to put the risk to &gt;&gt; It's time for us to put the risk to zero. So now zero. So now zero. So now &gt;&gt; So now even if it comes to low volume &gt;&gt; So now even if it comes to low volume &gt;&gt; So now even if it comes to low volume node, it's fine because you've taken node, it's fine because you've taken node, it's fine because you've taken zero zero zero &gt;&gt; and you have a chance to reenter that. &gt;&gt; and you have a chance to reenter that. &gt;&gt; and you have a chance to reenter that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Now you can play this game in a lot of &gt;&gt; Now you can play this game in a lot of &gt;&gt; Now you can play this game in a lot of ways. You can scale in again. ways. You can scale in again. ways. You can scale in again. &gt;&gt; Uh you can put this stop loss to break &gt;&gt; Uh you can put this stop loss to break &gt;&gt; Uh you can put this stop loss to break even and use this amount of profit to even and use this amount of profit to even and use this amount of profit to open another position because you have open another position because you have open another position because you have another lock in here. What does it mean another lock in here. What does it mean another lock in here. What does it mean lock in? This seems like the master card lock in? This seems like the master card lock in? This seems like the master card logo but it's sellers getting logo but it's sellers getting logo but it's sellers getting aggressive. aggressive. aggressive. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And buyers getting more aggressive than &gt;&gt; And buyers getting more aggressive than &gt;&gt; And buyers getting more aggressive than that. Who is fall? You see they are that. Who is fall? You see they are that. Who is fall? You see they are willing. Now when I tell you what does willing. Now when I tell you what does willing. Now when I tell you what does it mean buy low sell high if they are it mean buy low sell high if they are it mean buy low sell high if they are willing to pay a higher price to push willing to pay a higher price to push willing to pay a higher price to push the price down. There is no discount. the price down. There is no discount. the price down. There is no discount. There is no premium. Yeah. Like it's There is no premium. Yeah. Like it's There is no premium. Yeah. Like it's it's just stupid the concept that they it's just stupid the concept that they it's just stupid the concept that they are trying to push to the audience are trying to push to the audience are trying to push to the audience because here the only thing the market because here the only thing the market because here the only thing the market is telling you is that buyers are is telling you is that buyers are is telling you is that buyers are willing to pay more to buy NASDAQ. willing to pay more to buy NASDAQ. willing to pay more to buy NASDAQ. That's it. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; As simple as that. You don't need seven &gt;&gt; As simple as that. You don't need seven &gt;&gt; As simple as that. You don't need seven screen. You don't need a huge amount of screen. You don't need a huge amount of screen. You don't need a huge amount of tools. You are we are just watching the tools. You are we are just watching the tools. You are we are just watching the real nature of the market. Orders not real nature of the market. Orders not real nature of the market. Orders not candles. candles. candles. So if you were to add there, would it be So if you were to add there, would it be So if you were to add there, would it be a case where you want a close and then a a case where you want a close and then a a case where you want a close and then a revisit? revisit? revisit? &gt;&gt; Yes, in this case you will take profit &gt;&gt; Yes, in this case you will take profit &gt;&gt; Yes, in this case you will take profit because it's already like half. It's because it's already like half. It's because it's already like half. It's like 1 to 1.5 when it was here. So you like 1 to 1.5 when it was here. So you like 1 to 1.5 when it was here. So you can just close and use the profit to can just close and use the profit to can just close and use the profit to take another trade on the test. take another trade on the test. take another trade on the test. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; We are not doing this this model because &gt;&gt; We are not doing this this model because &gt;&gt; We are not doing this this model because this low volume node scares me. Yeah. this low volume node scares me. Yeah. this low volume node scares me. Yeah. And I'm really I don't want to say I'm And I'm really I don't want to say I'm And I'm really I don't want to say I'm sure because I hope it will go good but sure because I hope it will go good but sure because I hope it will go good but I know my my chicken I know my NASDAQ I know my my chicken I know my NASDAQ I know my my chicken I know my NASDAQ and usually at the session it's just and usually at the session it's just and usually at the session it's just give the first drive. give the first drive. give the first drive. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Pull back. &gt;&gt; Pull back. &gt;&gt; Pull back. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And create but we can just now we are &gt;&gt; And create but we can just now we are &gt;&gt; And create but we can just now we are risk that's the reason also I got risk that's the reason also I got risk that's the reason also I got aggressive with risk zero because we can aggressive with risk zero because we can aggressive with risk zero because we can take it another trades otherwise use the take it another trades otherwise use the take it another trades otherwise use the profit on the first one to take another profit on the first one to take another profit on the first one to take another one that will be even better. What is one that will be even better. What is one that will be even better. What is telling us the market now? telling us the market now? telling us the market now? Just analyzing raw data, the buyers at Just analyzing raw data, the buyers at Just analyzing raw data, the buyers at the top are not getting accepted. So the top are not getting accepted. So the top are not getting accepted. So it's getting expensive. it's getting expensive. it's getting expensive. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; If it get expensive, we should start to &gt;&gt; If it get expensive, we should start to &gt;&gt; If it get expensive, we should start to see some sellers here. see some sellers here. see some sellers here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And if we see sellers and they win the &gt;&gt; And if we see sellers and they win the &gt;&gt; And if we see sellers and they win the battle, we are up to the point battle, we are up to the point battle, we are up to the point that if these levels gets broken, we can that if these levels gets broken, we can that if these levels gets broken, we can also go to stop in profit of€1,000. also go to stop in profit of€1,000. also go to stop in profit of€1,000. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Not 1,000, like 800. &gt;&gt; Not 1,000, like 800. &gt;&gt; Not 1,000, like 800. and say if it goes bad we use this and say if it goes bad we use this and say if it goes bad we use this profit to make another trade. profit to make another trade. profit to make another trade. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But the major movement of the day we &gt;&gt; But the major movement of the day we &gt;&gt; But the major movement of the day we took it in the first 20 minutes. That's took it in the first 20 minutes. That's took it in the first 20 minutes. That's the major movement of the day. The break the major movement of the day. The break the major movement of the day. The break then you can play it longterm. then you can play it longterm. then you can play it longterm. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And if you play longterm you have 1 to &gt;&gt; And if you play longterm you have 1 to &gt;&gt; And if you play longterm you have 1 to 10 risk-to-reward but you get a lower 10 risk-to-reward but you get a lower 10 risk-to-reward but you get a lower win rate. win rate. win rate. &gt;&gt; Of course. &gt;&gt; Of course. &gt;&gt; Of course. &gt;&gt; Or you can just say give my cash &gt;&gt; Or you can just say give my cash &gt;&gt; Or you can just say give my cash &gt;&gt; session is done. &gt;&gt; session is done. &gt;&gt; session is done. &gt;&gt; Are you able in uh in futures as part of &gt;&gt; Are you able in uh in futures as part of &gt;&gt; Are you able in uh in futures as part of this are you able to like partial your this are you able to like partial your this are you able to like partial your trades? trades? trades? &gt;&gt; Of course. Yes. &gt;&gt; Of course. Yes. &gt;&gt; Of course. Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. So, is that something is that &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. So, is that something is that &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. So, is that something is that something you sometimes do? Let's say in something you sometimes do? Let's say in something you sometimes do? Let's say in this example, it's a good one to be this example, it's a good one to be this example, it's a good one to be fair. fair. fair. &gt;&gt; Uh would you for example, you had &gt;&gt; Uh would you for example, you had &gt;&gt; Uh would you for example, you had multiple contracts on and you're in this multiple contracts on and you're in this multiple contracts on and you're in this position. Would you say considering that position. Would you say considering that position. Would you say considering that I go heavy and I go with multiple I go heavy and I go with multiple I go heavy and I go with multiple contracts when I see this rejection, I contracts when I see this rejection, I contracts when I see this rejection, I would already take out half of the would already take out half of the would already take out half of the contracts contracts contracts &gt;&gt; because I'm risk free. Okay. &gt;&gt; because I'm risk free. Okay. &gt;&gt; because I'm risk free. Okay. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I can take profit and I can continue to &gt;&gt; I can take profit and I can continue to &gt;&gt; I can take profit and I can continue to scale in if I want. Okay. scale in if I want. Okay. scale in if I want. Okay. &gt;&gt; I don't like when the market gets weak. &gt;&gt; I don't like when the market gets weak. &gt;&gt; I don't like when the market gets weak. So, I will take out here. But education So, I will take out here. But education So, I will take out here. But education wise I want the trade to get completed. wise I want the trade to get completed. wise I want the trade to get completed. Either we are stopped out at break even Either we are stopped out at break even Either we are stopped out at break even either we go to take profit. I don't either we go to take profit. I don't either we go to take profit. I don't want to want to want to create additional difficulty of trade create additional difficulty of trade create additional difficulty of trade management that this advance. management that this advance. management that this advance. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because even then with trade &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because even then with trade &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because even then with trade management it's quite personal management it's quite personal management it's quite personal &gt;&gt; part of the like it's a big part of the &gt;&gt; part of the like it's a big part of the &gt;&gt; part of the like it's a big part of the &gt;&gt; but when it comes to say the high of &gt;&gt; but when it comes to say the high of &gt;&gt; but when it comes to say the high of previous day previous day previous day &gt;&gt; is that something then let's say you've &gt;&gt; is that something then let's say you've &gt;&gt; is that something then let's say you've taken half off taken half off taken half off &gt;&gt; would that be your next sort of target &gt;&gt; would that be your next sort of target &gt;&gt; would that be your next sort of target or if let's say price goes to you know or if let's say price goes to you know or if let's say price goes to you know one to three or four and then shows one to three or four and then shows one to three or four and then shows similar where we're getting a bit of similar where we're getting a bit of similar where we're getting a bit of weakness weakness weakness &gt;&gt; you want to know everything &gt;&gt; you want to know everything &gt;&gt; you want to know everything &gt;&gt; give me all the secrets &gt;&gt; give me all the secrets &gt;&gt; give me all the secrets &gt;&gt; so the point is you when I told you I &gt;&gt; so the point is you when I told you I &gt;&gt; so the point is you when I told you I will scale out it's exactly because when will scale out it's exactly because when will scale out it's exactly because when you see this the step is aggressive you see this the step is aggressive you see this the step is aggressive sellers. Yeah, &gt;&gt; you you coded the algorithm. &gt;&gt; you you coded the algorithm. &gt;&gt; you you coded the algorithm. &gt;&gt; Uh the next step is aggressive sellers. &gt;&gt; Uh the next step is aggressive sellers. &gt;&gt; Uh the next step is aggressive sellers. Now, if aggressive sellers gets Now, if aggressive sellers gets Now, if aggressive sellers gets recovered, recovered, recovered, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; this was funny. &gt;&gt; this was funny. &gt;&gt; this was funny. &gt;&gt; If aggressive sellers gets recovered, we &gt;&gt; If aggressive sellers gets recovered, we &gt;&gt; If aggressive sellers gets recovered, we should expect another explosion up the should expect another explosion up the should expect another explosion up the second squeeze. second squeeze. second squeeze. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, let's go back to your &gt;&gt; Okay. So, let's go back to your &gt;&gt; Okay. So, let's go back to your question. Um like question. Um like question. Um like &gt;&gt; cuz bearing in mind, right, the each one &gt;&gt; cuz bearing in mind, right, the each one &gt;&gt; cuz bearing in mind, right, the each one of these is 40. You set it to 40 of these is 40. You set it to 40 of these is 40. You set it to 40 contracts, right? contracts, right? contracts, right? &gt;&gt; 40. But these big balls, maybe it's 100. &gt;&gt; 40. But these big balls, maybe it's 100. &gt;&gt; 40. But these big balls, maybe it's 100. &gt;&gt; Exactly. That's what I was saying. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Exactly. That's what I was saying. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Exactly. That's what I was saying. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Uh these are big boys. Okay. So I would &gt;&gt; Uh these are big boys. Okay. So I would &gt;&gt; Uh these are big boys. Okay. So I would like these big boys to be squeezed or to like these big boys to be squeezed or to like these big boys to be squeezed or to get back to the low volume node. get back to the low volume node. get back to the low volume node. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So for example, we were at the high &gt;&gt; So for example, we were at the high &gt;&gt; So for example, we were at the high there in real time or or you know, if we there in real time or or you know, if we there in real time or or you know, if we weren't in this setting, you probably weren't in this setting, you probably weren't in this setting, you probably would have taken half off. Yes. Let's would have taken half off. Yes. Let's would have taken half off. Yes. Let's say price comes back to break even on say price comes back to break even on say price comes back to break even on that trade, no problem. But then you're that trade, no problem. But then you're that trade, no problem. But then you're going to look at the reaction from the going to look at the reaction from the going to look at the reaction from the low volume node. Is it again a low volume node. Is it again a low volume node. Is it again a confirmation based? confirmation based? confirmation based? &gt;&gt; Of course. Like again, I if this one &gt;&gt; Of course. Like again, I if this one &gt;&gt; Of course. Like again, I if this one goes to half profit and half break even, goes to half profit and half break even, goes to half profit and half break even, I would use half the profit that I made I would use half the profit that I made I would use half the profit that I made to wait for the trades there because I'm to wait for the trades there because I'm to wait for the trades there because I'm pretty sure that if we get back to the pretty sure that if we get back to the pretty sure that if we get back to the low volume node, low volume node, low volume node, &gt;&gt; we get aggressive buyers, we are going &gt;&gt; we get aggressive buyers, we are going &gt;&gt; we get aggressive buyers, we are going to run to the high. So you can to run to the high. So you can to run to the high. So you can &gt;&gt; just bear in mind where did this get to? &gt;&gt; just bear in mind where did this get to? &gt;&gt; just bear in mind where did this get to? It's got to about 800. You say €800? It's got to about 800. You say €800? It's got to about 800. You say €800? &gt;&gt; Yeah, like 800. But I'll fit 400. &gt;&gt; Yeah, like 800. But I'll fit 400. &gt;&gt; Yeah, like 800. But I'll fit 400. &gt;&gt; Exactly. But now it's easy for people at &gt;&gt; Exactly. But now it's easy for people at &gt;&gt; Exactly. But now it's easy for people at home to maybe think, oh, home to maybe think, oh, home to maybe think, oh, &gt;&gt; this is only one contract. &gt;&gt; this is only one contract. &gt;&gt; this is only one contract. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. That's what I was going &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. That's what I was going &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. That's what I was going to say. So like, you know, you make that to say. So like, you know, you make that to say. So like, you know, you make that 10 contracts for example. So you would 10 contracts for example. So you would 10 contracts for example. So you would have taken 4,000. have taken 4,000. have taken 4,000. &gt;&gt; 4,000 within a few minutes. &gt;&gt; 4,000 within a few minutes. &gt;&gt; 4,000 within a few minutes. &gt;&gt; That's the point. The more the account &gt;&gt; That's the point. The more the account &gt;&gt; That's the point. The more the account size, the more you feel confident to size, the more you feel confident to size, the more you feel confident to &gt;&gt; get continuous profit for the day. &gt;&gt; get continuous profit for the day. &gt;&gt; get continuous profit for the day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then if you want to scale in, you &gt;&gt; And then if you want to scale in, you &gt;&gt; And then if you want to scale in, you scale in with the profit. This is you scale in with the profit. This is you scale in with the profit. This is you anticipated what I wanted to say to you anticipated what I wanted to say to you anticipated what I wanted to say to you like like like &gt;&gt; how I did this performance in the world &gt;&gt; how I did this performance in the world &gt;&gt; how I did this performance in the world trading cup is building profit for the trading cup is building profit for the trading cup is building profit for the day, building profit for the day, day, building profit for the day, day, building profit for the day, building profit for the day and in building profit for the day and in building profit for the day and in directional days I risk for example in directional days I risk for example in directional days I risk for example in 10 trades the profit that I made for the 10 trades the profit that I made for the 10 trades the profit that I made for the day and you get a huge percentage day and you get a huge percentage day and you get a huge percentage &gt;&gt; of course &gt;&gt; of course &gt;&gt; of course &gt;&gt; but you are only risking profit of the &gt;&gt; but you are only risking profit of the &gt;&gt; but you are only risking profit of the day. day. day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; If the day gets close this profit is &gt;&gt; If the day gets close this profit is &gt;&gt; If the day gets close this profit is locked in it's equity. It's not more locked in it's equity. It's not more locked in it's equity. It's not more profit. You cannot risk it. profit. You cannot risk it. profit. You cannot risk it. &gt;&gt; So the next day reset &gt;&gt; So the next day reset &gt;&gt; So the next day reset &gt;&gt; reset. &gt;&gt; reset. &gt;&gt; reset. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And if you think about &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And if you think about &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And if you think about what's the concept of this, when the what's the concept of this, when the what's the concept of this, when the model goes well, you take risk. Yeah. model goes well, you take risk. Yeah. model goes well, you take risk. Yeah. Because the model is respecting what Because the model is respecting what Because the model is respecting what you're saying. If the model goes back, you're saying. If the model goes back, you're saying. If the model goes back, ready for the squeeze, huh? Ready for ready for the squeeze, huh? Ready for ready for the squeeze, huh? Ready for the squeeze coming? Uh sellers the squeeze coming? Uh sellers the squeeze coming? Uh sellers aggressive here. No follow through. aggressive here. No follow through. aggressive here. No follow through. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So we need this eye. If this eye &gt;&gt; Yeah. So we need this eye. If this eye &gt;&gt; Yeah. So we need this eye. If this eye gets broken, we go here. gets broken, we go here. gets broken, we go here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Done. Uh what was I saying? That you &gt;&gt; Done. Uh what was I saying? That you &gt;&gt; Done. Uh what was I saying? That you build your position with multiple scalps build your position with multiple scalps build your position with multiple scalps and uh this means that when the market and uh this means that when the market and uh this means that when the market condition is favorable to you, you make condition is favorable to you, you make condition is favorable to you, you make a lot of money. a lot of money. a lot of money. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; When the market condition is bad, you &gt;&gt; When the market condition is bad, you &gt;&gt; When the market condition is bad, you take the first two or three stop loss take the first two or three stop loss take the first two or three stop loss and you are out. and you are out. and you are out. &gt;&gt; Done. &gt;&gt; Done. &gt;&gt; Done. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; One trade the next day, everything &gt;&gt; One trade the next day, everything &gt;&gt; One trade the next day, everything covered. I have a maximum stop- loss for covered. I have a maximum stop- loss for covered. I have a maximum stop- loss for the day like in percentage term that is the day like in percentage term that is the day like in percentage term that is 2%. So when I say to people this day I 2%. So when I say to people this day I 2%. So when I say to people this day I took eight stop loss I only lost 2%. took eight stop loss I only lost 2%. took eight stop loss I only lost 2%. Exactly. That's what they don't Exactly. That's what they don't Exactly. That's what they don't understand. They see the time maybe they understand. They see the time maybe they understand. They see the time maybe they risking 3% per stop loss. Of course it's risking 3% per stop loss. Of course it's risking 3% per stop loss. Of course it's a lot a lot a lot &gt;&gt; but that's not how you deal with risk &gt;&gt; but that's not how you deal with risk &gt;&gt; but that's not how you deal with risk management. management. management. &gt;&gt; And what's important to highlight as &gt;&gt; And what's important to highlight as &gt;&gt; And what's important to highlight as well as we were talking about contracts well as we were talking about contracts well as we were talking about contracts and you know if you had more contracts and you know if you had more contracts and you know if you had more contracts this would have been X amount. What's this would have been X amount. What's this would have been X amount. What's important to highlight with that is that important to highlight with that is that important to highlight with that is that that's not where you start right. You that's not where you start right. You that's not where you start right. You start with the low. Yeah. Micro. you start with the low. Yeah. Micro. you start with the low. Yeah. Micro. you build over time and and I think people build over time and and I think people build over time and and I think people hear over time and they automatically hear over time and they automatically hear over time and they automatically assume that's a long time but it's all assume that's a long time but it's all assume that's a long time but it's all perception right so like if it takes you perception right so like if it takes you perception right so like if it takes you two to three to four years to really two to three to four years to really two to three to four years to really start to build a position size up and start to build a position size up and start to build a position size up and your confidence and your skill your confidence and your skill your confidence and your skill &gt;&gt; isn't that worth being able to make four &gt;&gt; isn't that worth being able to make four &gt;&gt; isn't that worth being able to make four five $10,000 in a day right in a day yes five $10,000 in a day right in a day yes five $10,000 in a day right in a day yes but then don't hear that line and think but then don't hear that line and think but then don't hear that line and think oh yeah that's you that's incredible I oh yeah that's you that's incredible I oh yeah that's you that's incredible I can do that ASAP and whatever it's the can do that ASAP and whatever it's the can do that ASAP and whatever it's the three to five years of dedication and three to five years of dedication and three to five years of dedication and and hard work and really intricate and hard work and really intricate and hard work and really intricate detail that then allows you to have that detail that then allows you to have that detail that then allows you to have that skill set. But it's like a lot of people skill set. But it's like a lot of people skill set. But it's like a lot of people aren't willing to sacrifice and aren't willing to sacrifice and aren't willing to sacrifice and understand that. And as I said, this is understand that. And as I said, this is understand that. And as I said, this is a this is a a strategy and a playbook a this is a a strategy and a playbook a this is a a strategy and a playbook that is truly for trade actual traders, that is truly for trade actual traders, that is truly for trade actual traders, you know, not for people who like the you know, not for people who like the you know, not for people who like the idea of trading, if that makes sense. idea of trading, if that makes sense. idea of trading, if that makes sense. &gt;&gt; Yes, I totally agree with you. And also &gt;&gt; Yes, I totally agree with you. And also &gt;&gt; Yes, I totally agree with you. And also like like like I know it's easier to believe in the I know it's easier to believe in the I know it's easier to believe in the fairy tales of the Metatrader fairy tales of the Metatrader fairy tales of the Metatrader bot that makes money for you when you bot that makes money for you when you bot that makes money for you when you sleep sleep sleep &gt;&gt; or just the signal service that is able &gt;&gt; or just the signal service that is able &gt;&gt; or just the signal service that is able to put money to put food on your table to put money to put food on your table to put money to put food on your table when you don't do anything. But that's when you don't do anything. But that's when you don't do anything. But that's not the reality. and uh message to the not the reality. and uh message to the not the reality. and uh message to the audience. Trust only people that give audience. Trust only people that give audience. Trust only people that give you some sort of verification or even you some sort of verification or even you some sort of verification or even better live analysis. If you can live better live analysis. If you can live better live analysis. If you can live trading, if you can track record and trading, if you can track record and trading, if you can track record and understand if they are doing what they understand if they are doing what they understand if they are doing what they are saying they do. are saying they do. are saying they do. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because there is a big difference &gt;&gt; Because there is a big difference &gt;&gt; Because there is a big difference between people that make money with the between people that make money with the between people that make money with the market and people that make money market and people that make money market and people that make money pretending to trade the market like with pretending to trade the market like with pretending to trade the market like with service connected to them. In this case, service connected to them. In this case, service connected to them. In this case, you see they revisit again the big you see they revisit again the big you see they revisit again the big traits. Yeah. No follow through. Going traits. Yeah. No follow through. Going traits. Yeah. No follow through. Going back to the now I remove a little bit back to the now I remove a little bit back to the now I remove a little bit because I cannot really see price. because I cannot really see price. because I cannot really see price. &gt;&gt; So let's remove it. So the message I want to give to them So the message I want to give to them So the message I want to give to them they he didn't take out us on break even they he didn't take out us on break even they he didn't take out us on break even on the second position but we took out on the second position but we took out on the second position but we took out position here half of the position. You position here half of the position. You position here half of the position. You see how much this level it's important see how much this level it's important see how much this level it's important and this level the market is using to and this level the market is using to and this level the market is using to pivo. This is not a case. This is when pivo. This is not a case. This is when pivo. This is not a case. This is when buyers decided buyers decided buyers decided &gt;&gt; that it was too expensive to continue &gt;&gt; that it was too expensive to continue &gt;&gt; that it was too expensive to continue buying. buying. buying. &gt;&gt; So this is the cap of the auction. The &gt;&gt; So this is the cap of the auction. The &gt;&gt; So this is the cap of the auction. The Mustang got too much expensive for us. Mustang got too much expensive for us. Mustang got too much expensive for us. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; If they are changing their narrative &gt;&gt; If they are changing their narrative &gt;&gt; If they are changing their narrative when we will see another candle, we can when we will see another candle, we can when we will see another candle, we can continue to trail our stop in profit. continue to trail our stop in profit. continue to trail our stop in profit. &gt;&gt; Like &gt;&gt; Like &gt;&gt; Like &gt;&gt; it's not ringing the wheel. I will keep &gt;&gt; it's not ringing the wheel. I will keep &gt;&gt; it's not ringing the wheel. I will keep this visual for now without big orders this visual for now without big orders this visual for now without big orders because otherwise I cannot see where is because otherwise I cannot see where is because otherwise I cannot see where is our break even. And here is our premium our break even. And here is our premium our break even. And here is our premium setup. If we are willing to go back and setup. If we are willing to go back and setup. If we are willing to go back and cover the low volume node, we will use cover the low volume node, we will use cover the low volume node, we will use half of the profit that we made to um half of the profit that we made to um half of the profit that we made to um strike up even with one contract. This strike up even with one contract. This strike up even with one contract. This can be a $4,000 trades if we wait for can be a $4,000 trades if we wait for can be a $4,000 trades if we wait for the eye. the eye. the eye. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But we need to stay here till evening &gt;&gt; But we need to stay here till evening &gt;&gt; But we need to stay here till evening because I think the volatility I can see because I think the volatility I can see because I think the volatility I can see it's it was big in the beginning but now it's it was big in the beginning but now it's it was big in the beginning but now it's drying up. it's drying up. it's drying up. &gt;&gt; So let's see. Let's see at least if we &gt;&gt; So let's see. Let's see at least if we &gt;&gt; So let's see. Let's see at least if we reach the target without taking out the reach the target without taking out the reach the target without taking out the other position at break even. other position at break even. other position at break even. That other trade that we discussed in That other trade that we discussed in That other trade that we discussed in terms of outside of your playbook and terms of outside of your playbook and terms of outside of your playbook and some traders might have it in their some traders might have it in their some traders might have it in their playbook. playbook. playbook. &gt;&gt; Um and you said though with that trade &gt;&gt; Um and you said though with that trade &gt;&gt; Um and you said though with that trade it makes sense to target the you know it makes sense to target the you know it makes sense to target the you know the the ceiling that we had at the time. the the ceiling that we had at the time. the the ceiling that we had at the time. Yes. Exactly. Yes. Exactly. Yes. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Because you don't know if it's going to &gt;&gt; Because you don't know if it's going to &gt;&gt; Because you don't know if it's going to break higher. break higher. break higher. Would it be if someone was taking that Would it be if someone was taking that Would it be if someone was taking that setup or would would that be a setup you setup or would would that be a setup you setup or would would that be a setup you would take if you had already traded in would take if you had already traded in would take if you had already traded in the day made some profits or even then the day made some profits or even then the day made some profits or even then it would be because it's it's not a bad it would be because it's it's not a bad it would be because it's it's not a bad setup. It's a good setup. Just setup. It's a good setup. Just setup. It's a good setup. Just &gt;&gt; let's &gt;&gt; let's &gt;&gt; let's &gt;&gt; would you take the full setup out here &gt;&gt; would you take the full setup out here &gt;&gt; would you take the full setup out here or would it if in that case you had or would it if in that case you had or would it if in that case you had multiple contracts? Is that another one multiple contracts? Is that another one multiple contracts? Is that another one where you would say half off leave? where you would say half off leave? where you would say half off leave? &gt;&gt; I do something really smart. Okay. &gt;&gt; I do something really smart. Okay. &gt;&gt; I do something really smart. Okay. &gt;&gt; I take the setup out here but I'm ready &gt;&gt; I take the setup out here but I'm ready &gt;&gt; I take the setup out here but I'm ready to open it back with the profit I made to open it back with the profit I made to open it back with the profit I made if it breaks. if it breaks. if it breaks. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. So, you're able to &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. So, you're able to &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. So, you're able to &gt;&gt; I don't take the risk of indecision &gt;&gt; I don't take the risk of indecision &gt;&gt; I don't take the risk of indecision here. here. here. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I I bring the money in my account then &gt;&gt; I I bring the money in my account then &gt;&gt; I I bring the money in my account then I'm willing to put the money on the I'm willing to put the money on the I'm willing to put the money on the table. table. table. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; If I have a confirmation &gt;&gt; If I have a confirmation &gt;&gt; If I have a confirmation &gt;&gt; like it makes more sense. I tried what &gt;&gt; like it makes more sense. I tried what &gt;&gt; like it makes more sense. I tried what you say to keep it. you say to keep it. you say to keep it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But seven times it snap back. You get a &gt;&gt; But seven times it snap back. You get a &gt;&gt; But seven times it snap back. You get a break and you say I should I I can break and you say I should I I can break and you say I should I I can include it start the day at 3 hour include it start the day at 3 hour include it start the day at 3 hour &gt;&gt; and I let the market take out everything &gt;&gt; and I let the market take out everything &gt;&gt; and I let the market take out everything is preparing the squeeze. is preparing the squeeze. is preparing the squeeze. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So all those red orders here are &gt;&gt; Yeah. So all those red orders here are &gt;&gt; Yeah. So all those red orders here are right now under water. We take that right now under water. We take that right now under water. We take that high. We should squeeze up. high. We should squeeze up. high. We should squeeze up. &gt;&gt; You're getting good. &gt;&gt; You're getting good. &gt;&gt; You're getting good. &gt;&gt; Teacher being prepared. &gt;&gt; Teacher being prepared. &gt;&gt; Teacher being prepared. &gt;&gt; We have a great &gt;&gt; We have a great &gt;&gt; We have a great &gt;&gt; What can we expect? &gt;&gt; What can we expect? &gt;&gt; What can we expect? &gt;&gt; Buyer said the eye. &gt;&gt; Buyer said the eye. &gt;&gt; Buyer said the eye. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; The auction got expensive now. More &gt;&gt; The auction got expensive now. More &gt;&gt; The auction got expensive now. More expensive. They are willing to pay expensive. They are willing to pay expensive. They are willing to pay higher price for it. So absorbed. higher price for it. So absorbed. higher price for it. So absorbed. Absorbed. Absorbed. Absorbed. You can put in stop in profit if you You can put in stop in profit if you You can put in stop in profit if you want. I will not do it because the test want. I will not do it because the test want. I will not do it because the test here it's really probable to happen. here it's really probable to happen. here it's really probable to happen. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But we took a really exponential move. &gt;&gt; But we took a really exponential move. &gt;&gt; But we took a really exponential move. You see almost zero draw down like from You see almost zero draw down like from You see almost zero draw down like from when we entered there was zero to non when we entered there was zero to non when we entered there was zero to non draw down like we enter in this candle draw down like we enter in this candle draw down like we enter in this candle it continue again seller trying to step it continue again seller trying to step it continue again seller trying to step in in a parabolic move in in a parabolic move in in a parabolic move &gt;&gt; in this particular here. Now is this now &gt;&gt; in this particular here. Now is this now &gt;&gt; in this particular here. Now is this now the level we would hope would hold? the level we would hope would hold? the level we would hope would hold? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; This if you want to be conservative the &gt;&gt; This if you want to be conservative the &gt;&gt; This if you want to be conservative the &gt;&gt; down there. Yeah. down there because &gt;&gt; down there. Yeah. down there because &gt;&gt; down there. Yeah. down there because this is the protection level of the this is the protection level of the this is the protection level of the sellers. Why we saw this exponential sellers. Why we saw this exponential sellers. Why we saw this exponential move even someone will think we are move even someone will think we are move even someone will think we are expensive. Why? Because these sellers expensive. Why? Because these sellers expensive. Why? Because these sellers are closing position and this are closing position and this are closing position and this &gt;&gt; creating even more momentum. Now again same situation sellers Now again same situation sellers Now again same situation sellers aggressive buyers that needs to decide aggressive buyers that needs to decide aggressive buyers that needs to decide if they want to protect this level and if they want to protect this level and if they want to protect this level and continue to be aggressive here. continue to be aggressive here. continue to be aggressive here. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Now we are reaching 22 &gt;&gt; Now we are reaching 22 &gt;&gt; Now we are reaching 22 round number. round number. round number. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; this is a really important number. &gt;&gt; this is a really important number. &gt;&gt; this is a really important number. &gt;&gt; Price will accumulate or distribute &gt;&gt; Price will accumulate or distribute &gt;&gt; Price will accumulate or distribute around this level. So you can also around this level. So you can also around this level. So you can also decide to if it breaks this high with aggression, you can also take the with aggression, you can also take the with aggression, you can also take the second position with a really tight stop second position with a really tight stop second position with a really tight stop loss. So if it goes bad, you take loss. So if it goes bad, you take loss. So if it goes bad, you take another $600 or $700, but at least you another $600 or $700, but at least you another $600 or $700, but at least you are protecting yourself. So if we tap are protecting yourself. So if we tap are protecting yourself. So if we tap this eye, the stop loss goes here. this eye, the stop loss goes here. this eye, the stop loss goes here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So our stop loss &gt;&gt; Yeah. So our stop loss &gt;&gt; Yeah. So our stop loss &gt;&gt; our stop loss goes here. So we make more &gt;&gt; our stop loss goes here. So we make more &gt;&gt; our stop loss goes here. So we make more than the first position, but still we than the first position, but still we than the first position, but still we are protected. are protected. are protected. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. And then someone can say what if it goes And then someone can say what if it goes And then someone can say what if it goes if it test and then goes up. Okay, we if it test and then goes up. Okay, we if it test and then goes up. Okay, we are protected on the second one. It's are protected on the second one. It's are protected on the second one. It's another 7 $700 here because if this eye another 7 $700 here because if this eye another 7 $700 here because if this eye doesn't hold and the market collapse, I doesn't hold and the market collapse, I doesn't hold and the market collapse, I don't want to give back to the market don't want to give back to the market don't want to give back to the market all the profit that we made. We made an all the profit that we made. We made an all the profit that we made. We made an amazing zero draw down entry here amazing zero draw down entry here amazing zero draw down entry here &gt;&gt; because this is in consideration that &gt;&gt; because this is in consideration that &gt;&gt; because this is in consideration that that's our target. So then the it's a that's our target. So then the it's a that's our target. So then the it's a negative risk-to-reward to allow us to negative risk-to-reward to allow us to negative risk-to-reward to allow us to go back. go back. go back. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. I'm not willing to &gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. I'm not willing to &gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. I'm not willing to give to the market all this money back. give to the market all this money back. give to the market all this money back. &gt;&gt; Yeah. and see our sellers are starting &gt;&gt; Yeah. and see our sellers are starting &gt;&gt; Yeah. and see our sellers are starting to participate on the top, I don't like to participate on the top, I don't like to participate on the top, I don't like it. I expect a a squeeze that will bring it. I expect a a squeeze that will bring it. I expect a a squeeze that will bring us to target. But if is this level gets us to target. But if is this level gets us to target. But if is this level gets broken, I I I have too much profit to broken, I I I have too much profit to broken, I I I have too much profit to give back. It's not worth for me. give back. It's not worth for me. give back. It's not worth for me. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So our stop loss now it's I will show &gt;&gt; So our stop loss now it's I will show &gt;&gt; So our stop loss now it's I will show you this low. you this low. you this low. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And I can see that it's not easy to &gt;&gt; And I can see that it's not easy to &gt;&gt; And I can see that it's not easy to break this high because you have to break this high because you have to break this high because you have to consider that it's around number. Buyers consider that it's around number. Buyers consider that it's around number. Buyers are getting aggressive again buying the are getting aggressive again buying the are getting aggressive again buying the top. top. top. If this auction fail, I think we will If this auction fail, I think we will If this auction fail, I think we will revisit the low low volume node revisit the low low volume node revisit the low low volume node &gt;&gt; all the way. Yeah. &gt;&gt; all the way. Yeah. &gt;&gt; all the way. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All the way. So we can have &gt;&gt; Yeah. All the way. So we can have &gt;&gt; Yeah. All the way. So we can have another position with made 400 on the another position with made 400 on the another position with made 400 on the first, 700 or 600 on the second. We are first, 700 or 600 on the second. We are first, 700 or 600 on the second. We are floating on out. Yeah. Totally out on floating on out. Yeah. Totally out on floating on out. Yeah. Totally out on the position. Let's remove everything. It's important to highlight as well. So It's important to highlight as well. So It's important to highlight as well. So at this point maybe roughly $1,000 at this point maybe roughly $1,000 at this point maybe roughly $1,000 $1,100 um in ter in total profits. $1,100 um in ter in total profits. $1,100 um in ter in total profits. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And bear in mind because I think social &gt;&gt; And bear in mind because I think social &gt;&gt; And bear in mind because I think social media causes a a slight problem in the media causes a a slight problem in the media causes a a slight problem in the trading space where they think $1,100 is trading space where they think $1,100 is trading space where they think $1,100 is not a lot of money. Bear in mind not a lot of money. Bear in mind not a lot of money. Bear in mind that's,100 in roughly about half an hour that's,100 in roughly about half an hour that's,100 in roughly about half an hour &gt;&gt; with one contract. &gt;&gt; with one contract. &gt;&gt; with one contract. &gt;&gt; With one contract. But not even just &gt;&gt; With one contract. But not even just &gt;&gt; With one contract. But not even just that though. that though. that though. &gt;&gt; Even $1,100 in a single day &gt;&gt; Even $1,100 in a single day &gt;&gt; Even $1,100 in a single day &gt;&gt; Mhm. is incredible because if you're &gt;&gt; Mhm. is incredible because if you're &gt;&gt; Mhm. is incredible because if you're trading for a month and on average you trading for a month and on average you trading for a month and on average you whatever 50% win rate whatever it may be whatever 50% win rate whatever it may be whatever 50% win rate whatever it may be you're still coming out with a very good you're still coming out with a very good you're still coming out with a very good yearly salary in a month almost. yearly salary in a month almost. yearly salary in a month almost. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; And that's incredible and that's like &gt;&gt; And that's incredible and that's like &gt;&gt; And that's incredible and that's like position number one. That's like as you position number one. That's like as you position number one. That's like as you scale in your trading journey that's how scale in your trading journey that's how scale in your trading journey that's how it should look. Now, I know it's so easy it should look. Now, I know it's so easy it should look. Now, I know it's so easy with social media to assume you need to with social media to assume you need to with social media to assume you need to be making a $100,000 a month every be making a $100,000 a month every be making a $100,000 a month every single month or multiple hundreds of single month or multiple hundreds of single month or multiple hundreds of thousands. And that is possible, right? thousands. And that is possible, right? thousands. And that is possible, right? And there are traders doing that, but And there are traders doing that, but And there are traders doing that, but they didn't start that way. They go they didn't start that way. They go they didn't start that way. They go through the process step by step. through the process step by step. through the process step by step. &gt;&gt; Look at the precision of the reversal &gt;&gt; Look at the precision of the reversal &gt;&gt; Look at the precision of the reversal point. We saved all this money point. We saved all this money point. We saved all this money &gt;&gt; that the market want to give to get back &gt;&gt; that the market want to give to get back &gt;&gt; that the market want to give to get back &gt;&gt; like from here. This is I want to show &gt;&gt; like from here. This is I want to show &gt;&gt; like from here. This is I want to show you something and I will make another you something and I will make another you something and I will make another prediction that is not a trade. Okay. prediction that is not a trade. Okay. prediction that is not a trade. Okay. &gt;&gt; But is this where the market will &gt;&gt; But is this where the market will &gt;&gt; But is this where the market will reverse reverse reverse &gt;&gt; this delta from &gt;&gt; this delta from &gt;&gt; this delta from here to here it's not worth the trade. here to here it's not worth the trade. here to here it's not worth the trade. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because here it's full of big trades not &gt;&gt; Because here it's full of big trades not &gt;&gt; Because here it's full of big trades not having a follow-up. I expect that from having a follow-up. I expect that from having a follow-up. I expect that from here we get all the way back from here. here we get all the way back from here. here we get all the way back from here. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; And we can use this two $500 trades to &gt;&gt; And we can use this two $500 trades to &gt;&gt; And we can use this two $500 trades to make another one to three. Now make another one to three. Now make another one to three. Now &gt;&gt; let's say if we take another two trades &gt;&gt; let's say if we take another two trades &gt;&gt; let's say if we take another two trades for the day. One to three. $500 series, for the day. One to three. $500 series, for the day. One to three. $500 series, it's another $3,000 only using the it's another $3,000 only using the it's another $3,000 only using the profit. profit. profit. &gt;&gt; Worst case scenario, we close break even &gt;&gt; Worst case scenario, we close break even &gt;&gt; Worst case scenario, we close break even of the day. Yeah. of the day. Yeah. of the day. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like the reason traders are unprofitable &gt;&gt; Like the reason traders are unprofitable &gt;&gt; Like the reason traders are unprofitable is they try to get the home run. So is they try to get the home run. So is they try to get the home run. So maybe they get this breakout and they maybe they get this breakout and they maybe they get this breakout and they all till the top without taking partial all till the top without taking partial all till the top without taking partial without you can never go broke by taking without you can never go broke by taking without you can never go broke by taking partial like you you are sitting on partial like you you are sitting on partial like you you are sitting on profit for the day. profit for the day. profit for the day. &gt;&gt; And in this case as well like there's &gt;&gt; And in this case as well like there's &gt;&gt; And in this case as well like there's nothing in between that you would look nothing in between that you would look nothing in between that you would look for. You would only wait for price to for. You would only wait for price to for. You would only wait for price to come back to that higher probable area. come back to that higher probable area. come back to that higher probable area. Let's see. I will exactly tell you where Let's see. I will exactly tell you where Let's see. I will exactly tell you where I expect a reaction considering that I expect a reaction considering that I expect a reaction considering that still the momentum by I didn't saw the still the momentum by I didn't saw the still the momentum by I didn't saw the big picture, but the momentum buy is big picture, but the momentum buy is big picture, but the momentum buy is amazing. amazing. amazing. But But But let's get the the whole picture. let's get the the whole picture. let's get the the whole picture. &gt;&gt; It's incredible though because it shows &gt;&gt; It's incredible though because it shows &gt;&gt; It's incredible though because it shows you when you're dissecting price when you when you're dissecting price when you when you're dissecting price when you're logged in. you're logged in. you're logged in. &gt;&gt; I I lose the conception of time really. &gt;&gt; I I lose the conception of time really. &gt;&gt; I I lose the conception of time really. I I was thinking that it was 20 minutes I I was thinking that it was 20 minutes I I was thinking that it was 20 minutes that we were there. that we were there. that we were there. &gt;&gt; It did feel to be fair to you. It did &gt;&gt; It did feel to be fair to you. It did &gt;&gt; It did feel to be fair to you. It did feel like that. Yeah, feel like that. Yeah, feel like that. Yeah, &gt;&gt; this is a huge volume. Huge &gt;&gt; this is a huge volume. Huge &gt;&gt; this is a huge volume. Huge low volume note. low volume note. low volume note. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can see &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can see &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can see &gt;&gt; like it's a squeeze. It's very &gt;&gt; like it's a squeeze. It's very &gt;&gt; like it's a squeeze. It's very &gt;&gt; So I will not engage in other trades &gt;&gt; So I will not engage in other trades &gt;&gt; So I will not engage in other trades here. Just the first trade that I would here. Just the first trade that I would here. Just the first trade that I would watch is here. But watching the watch is here. But watching the watch is here. But watching the momentum, I don't think uh we will go momentum, I don't think uh we will go momentum, I don't think uh we will go back. So you can just continue to adapt back. So you can just continue to adapt back. So you can just continue to adapt to the position using the profit. to the position using the profit. to the position using the profit. &gt;&gt; If you want, we can continue to see it. &gt;&gt; If you want, we can continue to see it. &gt;&gt; If you want, we can continue to see it. Can one minute and see what big boys are Can one minute and see what big boys are Can one minute and see what big boys are doing. So my take and this is against the So my take and this is against the So my take and this is against the probability is that this is a wall. probability is that this is a wall. probability is that this is a wall. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. So this is the trade that you &gt;&gt; Okay. So this is the trade that you &gt;&gt; Okay. So this is the trade that you never need to do. But if I need to never need to do. But if I need to never need to do. But if I need to consider a trade, consider a trade, consider a trade, this is what I'm afraid about. Okay. this is what I'm afraid about. Okay. this is what I'm afraid about. Okay. &gt;&gt; Of that happen. &gt;&gt; Of that happen. &gt;&gt; Of that happen. &gt;&gt; This is the reason I took out the buy &gt;&gt; This is the reason I took out the buy &gt;&gt; This is the reason I took out the buy position before. position before. position before. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. Round number. Seller getting &gt;&gt; Gotcha. Round number. Seller getting &gt;&gt; Gotcha. Round number. Seller getting aggressive. Buyers not having a follow aggressive. Buyers not having a follow aggressive. Buyers not having a follow through. Was there any of this slowdown through. Was there any of this slowdown through. Was there any of this slowdown as well? Was that take that into account as well? Was that take that into account as well? Was that take that into account as well? as well? as well? &gt;&gt; Yes, because this one it's compression &gt;&gt; Yes, because this one it's compression &gt;&gt; Yes, because this one it's compression again. Okay. again. Okay. again. Okay. &gt;&gt; The market getting back inside &gt;&gt; The market getting back inside &gt;&gt; The market getting back inside compression. Usually it's a visit of the compression. Usually it's a visit of the compression. Usually it's a visit of the low. low. low. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Uh now let's see what cumulative volume &gt;&gt; Uh now let's see what cumulative volume &gt;&gt; Uh now let's see what cumulative volume delta is saying. This is an important delta is saying. This is an important delta is saying. This is an important information that we are putting in for information that we are putting in for information that we are putting in for the first time here. the first time here. the first time here. &gt;&gt; Mhm. And this &gt;&gt; Mhm. And this &gt;&gt; Mhm. And this the cumulative volume pressure of the the cumulative volume pressure of the the cumulative volume pressure of the market market market visualizing candlestick. You see that visualizing candlestick. You see that visualizing candlestick. You see that it's short it's short it's short &gt;&gt; down here. Yeah, &gt;&gt; down here. Yeah, &gt;&gt; down here. Yeah, &gt;&gt; this is an information because the &gt;&gt; this is an information because the &gt;&gt; this is an information because the squids was supported squids was supported squids was supported but then we started to distribute. but then we started to distribute. but then we started to distribute. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Again all this by movement no follow up. &gt;&gt; Again all this by movement no follow up. &gt;&gt; Again all this by movement no follow up. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Divergence. M this divergence is &gt;&gt; Yeah. Divergence. M this divergence is &gt;&gt; Yeah. Divergence. M this divergence is significant because it means that there significant because it means that there significant because it means that there is something big here. So two scenario is something big here. So two scenario is something big here. So two scenario either it breaks and we take another either it breaks and we take another either it breaks and we take another continuation trades that is amazing for continuation trades that is amazing for continuation trades that is amazing for us us us but I know this asset and I think that but I know this asset and I think that but I know this asset and I think that we are going to revisit from here either we are going to revisit from here either we are going to revisit from here either this low or this low volume then we take this low or this low volume then we take this low or this low volume then we take even better trades. Yeah, even better trades. Yeah, even better trades. Yeah, &gt;&gt; this is a pattern that I have seen a lot &gt;&gt; this is a pattern that I have seen a lot &gt;&gt; this is a pattern that I have seen a lot of times. Four consecutive weeks every of times. Four consecutive weeks every of times. Four consecutive weeks every week taking out the high but not week taking out the high but not week taking out the high but not creating new value. creating new value. creating new value. &gt;&gt; If there is a big buy trades here a &gt;&gt; If there is a big buy trades here a &gt;&gt; If there is a big buy trades here a collapses is soon. Of course, it's not a collapses is soon. Of course, it's not a collapses is soon. Of course, it's not a trade because we are counter trend on trade because we are counter trend on trade because we are counter trend on it. Let's see if the doesn't get old. I'll Let's see if the doesn't get old. I'll Let's see if the doesn't get old. I'll tell you that it doesn't go. Yes. Yes. It's this one. Big trades, no Yes. Yes. It's this one. Big trades, no Yes. Yes. It's this one. Big trades, no follow through. Yeah. follow through. Yeah. follow through. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Sellers building the narrative. &gt;&gt; Sellers building the narrative. &gt;&gt; Sellers building the narrative. Cumulative volume delta going down. Here Cumulative volume delta going down. Here Cumulative volume delta going down. Here we go. &gt;&gt; Would you say uh do you only trade &gt;&gt; Would you say uh do you only trade &gt;&gt; Would you say uh do you only trade NASDAQ and Q? NASDAQ and Q? NASDAQ and Q? &gt;&gt; NASDAQ because uh it's a lot of &gt;&gt; NASDAQ because uh it's a lot of &gt;&gt; NASDAQ because uh it's a lot of information to deal with. information to deal with. information to deal with. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I tried one time with NASDAQ and crude &gt;&gt; I tried one time with NASDAQ and crude &gt;&gt; I tried one time with NASDAQ and crude oil, but I was a therapist. I need DP oil, but I was a therapist. I need DP oil, but I was a therapist. I need DP psychologist at the end of the uh psychologist at the end of the uh psychologist at the end of the uh &gt;&gt; but would you say that also though even &gt;&gt; but would you say that also though even &gt;&gt; but would you say that also though even though yes it's a lot of information by though yes it's a lot of information by though yes it's a lot of information by really tuning into one asset such as NQ really tuning into one asset such as NQ really tuning into one asset such as NQ &gt;&gt; yeah it's the the cheat code like &gt;&gt; yeah it's the the cheat code like &gt;&gt; yeah it's the the cheat code like understand understand understand &gt;&gt; like you just said I've seen I know this &gt;&gt; like you just said I've seen I know this &gt;&gt; like you just said I've seen I know this pair pair pair &gt;&gt; this was feeling like this one is the &gt;&gt; this was feeling like this one is the &gt;&gt; this was feeling like this one is the intuition part intuition part intuition part &gt;&gt; it's a counter trend trades I will never &gt;&gt; it's a counter trend trades I will never &gt;&gt; it's a counter trend trades I will never take it but we took from the bottom to take it but we took from the bottom to take it but we took from the bottom to the eye and we exit at the top the eye and we exit at the top the eye and we exit at the top &gt;&gt; we saved the delta profit that was here &gt;&gt; we saved the delta profit that was here &gt;&gt; we saved the delta profit that was here that if I was using my ego I will say that if I was using my ego I will say that if I was using my ego I will say No, we go to target. No, we go to target. No, we go to target. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; because this is my target. But this &gt;&gt; because this is my target. But this &gt;&gt; because this is my target. But this capacity to adapt to market behavior capacity to adapt to market behavior capacity to adapt to market behavior here in this amount of error, we took an here in this amount of error, we took an here in this amount of error, we took an explosion that is five times more. It's explosion that is five times more. It's explosion that is five times more. It's not easy to time the market in this way. not easy to time the market in this way. not easy to time the market in this way. If these big trades protect and break If these big trades protect and break If these big trades protect and break the high, we have another buy. the high, we have another buy. the high, we have another buy. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So, we can again jump on the train. And &gt;&gt; So, we can again jump on the train. And &gt;&gt; So, we can again jump on the train. And the problem with if you're trying to say the problem with if you're trying to say the problem with if you're trying to say long and then short is that the real long and then short is that the real long and then short is that the real bias is still long. But let's say if bias is still long. But let's say if bias is still long. But let's say if this comes up now and and you get break this comes up now and and you get break this comes up now and and you get break even or stop loss. even or stop loss. even or stop loss. &gt;&gt; A lot of people's psychology &gt;&gt; A lot of people's psychology &gt;&gt; A lot of people's psychology is that they will still focus on the is that they will still focus on the is that they will still focus on the short cuz that's the one they lost. short cuz that's the one they lost. short cuz that's the one they lost. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Instead of realizing where the original &gt;&gt; Instead of realizing where the original &gt;&gt; Instead of realizing where the original bias is by taking this lowquality setup bias is by taking this lowquality setup bias is by taking this lowquality setup that yeah okay might be might pull that yeah okay might be might pull that yeah okay might be might pull through might be able to make some good through might be able to make some good through might be able to make some good profit from whatever it may be. The profit from whatever it may be. The profit from whatever it may be. The problem is our mindsets get fixed on problem is our mindsets get fixed on problem is our mindsets get fixed on that bias then and that happens to a lot that bias then and that happens to a lot that bias then and that happens to a lot of people. I think a lot of people let's of people. I think a lot of people let's of people. I think a lot of people let's say coming into this session as a good say coming into this session as a good say coming into this session as a good example coming into this session they example coming into this session they example coming into this session they did the same market analysis you did did the same market analysis you did did the same market analysis you did long bias long bias long bias &gt;&gt; price shot down they switch to short &gt;&gt; price shot down they switch to short &gt;&gt; price shot down they switch to short they take a loss. they take a loss. they take a loss. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; But then the problem is they don't &gt;&gt; But then the problem is they don't &gt;&gt; But then the problem is they don't switch back or recognize their mistake switch back or recognize their mistake switch back or recognize their mistake and they stick on the loss and they and they stick on the loss and they and they stick on the loss and they stick on the short and they keep trying stick on the short and they keep trying stick on the short and they keep trying to short all the way up. They marry to short all the way up. They marry to short all the way up. They marry their trades their trades their trades &gt;&gt; and then they end up in, you know, &gt;&gt; and then they end up in, you know, &gt;&gt; and then they end up in, you know, blowing their challenge, blowing their blowing their challenge, blowing their blowing their challenge, blowing their account, taking a heavier loss than account, taking a heavier loss than account, taking a heavier loss than they're meant to when in reality they they're meant to when in reality they they're meant to when in reality they had to, you know, you've done your, it's had to, you know, you've done your, it's had to, you know, you've done your, it's like you said earlier, right? When like you said earlier, right? When like you said earlier, right? When you're at war, you don't make the you're at war, you don't make the you're at war, you don't make the changes, right? changes, right? changes, right? &gt;&gt; You don't make change when you are &gt;&gt; You don't make change when you are &gt;&gt; You don't make change when you are fighting. Yeah. Like the changes are fighting. Yeah. Like the changes are fighting. Yeah. Like the changes are made in the tent with generals and made in the tent with generals and made in the tent with generals and planning the war planning the war planning the war up front. up front. up front. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; In this case, it's building a goodby &gt;&gt; In this case, it's building a goodby &gt;&gt; In this case, it's building a goodby setup. setup. setup. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Huge amount of buy here. Watching the narrative here. I don't Watching the narrative here. I don't Watching the narrative here. I don't think we will retrace back. Look where think we will retrace back. Look where think we will retrace back. Look where it tapped in. Low volume node. Now what it tapped in. Low volume node. Now what it tapped in. Low volume node. Now what we need to be back in the trade? We need we need to be back in the trade? We need we need to be back in the trade? We need a breakout of this high. a breakout of this high. a breakout of this high. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So the next set uh buy stop. &gt;&gt; So the next set uh buy stop. &gt;&gt; So the next set uh buy stop. &gt;&gt; Uh no, I want a full candle close. &gt;&gt; Uh no, I want a full candle close. &gt;&gt; Uh no, I want a full candle close. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; On this one. So risky. &gt;&gt; On this one. So risky. &gt;&gt; On this one. So risky. &gt;&gt; What's the reason for that one? Because &gt;&gt; What's the reason for that one? Because &gt;&gt; What's the reason for that one? Because we're already quite high. we're already quite high. we're already quite high. &gt;&gt; Because the bias is clear. The bias is &gt;&gt; Because the bias is clear. The bias is &gt;&gt; Because the bias is clear. The bias is clear. The target is still not taken. clear. The target is still not taken. clear. The target is still not taken. The momentum is big and the interesting The momentum is big and the interesting The momentum is big and the interesting is big. Like this candle, this um uh big is big. Like this candle, this um uh big is big. Like this candle, this um uh big order is bigger than all this area. order is bigger than all this area. order is bigger than all this area. &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; these traders are getting squeezed. So &gt;&gt; these traders are getting squeezed. So &gt;&gt; these traders are getting squeezed. So if we break this high, we test this if we break this high, we test this if we break this high, we test this area. I will target for area. I will target for area. I will target for another $12,000 another $12,000 another $12,000 trade trade trade getting to getting to getting to 22062. 22062. 22062. This will be the trade. This will be the trade. This will be the trade. But you see how much fast you need to But you see how much fast you need to But you see how much fast you need to put your ego aside and say this was the put your ego aside and say this was the put your ego aside and say this was the narrative that I was building. It didn't narrative that I was building. It didn't narrative that I was building. It didn't break the high but it broke the low. break the high but it broke the low. break the high but it broke the low. Yeah. So it can be still a retracement Yeah. So it can be still a retracement Yeah. So it can be still a retracement to the low volume node. What I need the to the low volume node. What I need the to the low volume node. What I need the trade is valid as soon as we close with trade is valid as soon as we close with trade is valid as soon as we close with a one minute candle full body candle a one minute candle full body candle a one minute candle full body candle &gt;&gt; above this &gt;&gt; above this &gt;&gt; above this &gt;&gt; where we were failing. &gt;&gt; where we were failing. &gt;&gt; where we were failing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, where we were failing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, where we were failing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, where we were failing. &gt;&gt; Even better if in the move up there is a &gt;&gt; Even better if in the move up there is a &gt;&gt; Even better if in the move up there is a big trade cell that gets destroyed like big trade cell that gets destroyed like big trade cell that gets destroyed like here. Let's see. And how long have you been trading this And how long have you been trading this And how long have you been trading this way? way? way? &gt;&gt; This way it's around four years that I &gt;&gt; This way it's around four years that I &gt;&gt; This way it's around four years that I use order flow more than price action. use order flow more than price action. use order flow more than price action. Before I started before four years I Before I started before four years I Before I started before four years I started to get only the trigger from started to get only the trigger from started to get only the trigger from order flow. Now I'm full order flow like order flow. Now I'm full order flow like order flow. Now I'm full order flow like I use price action only as a proxy and a I use price action only as a proxy and a I use price action only as a proxy and a result of volume. Yeah. like I you you result of volume. Yeah. like I you you result of volume. Yeah. like I you you see I always compare the volume with the see I always compare the volume with the see I always compare the volume with the result that is providing and um but the result that is providing and um but the result that is providing and um but the learning curve is still like 20% of what learning curve is still like 20% of what learning curve is still like 20% of what you can understand with this. So I still you can understand with this. So I still you can understand with this. So I still am one am one am one &gt;&gt; 20% of the real power of order flow I &gt;&gt; 20% of the real power of order flow I &gt;&gt; 20% of the real power of order flow I mastered like I still need to to get mastered like I still need to to get mastered like I still need to to get better sometimes because I think there better sometimes because I think there better sometimes because I think there &gt;&gt; especially nowadays with machine &gt;&gt; especially nowadays with machine &gt;&gt; especially nowadays with machine learning and neural network you can put learning and neural network you can put learning and neural network you can put this kind of data in an algorithm that this kind of data in an algorithm that this kind of data in an algorithm that really helps you to remove all the really helps you to remove all the really helps you to remove all the noise. Mhm. noise. Mhm. noise. Mhm. &gt;&gt; And um I think in the area of artificial &gt;&gt; And um I think in the area of artificial &gt;&gt; And um I think in the area of artificial intelligence, understanding deeply this intelligence, understanding deeply this intelligence, understanding deeply this data and using AI to just get a better data and using AI to just get a better data and using AI to just get a better um risk management or position um risk management or position um risk management or position management, journaling all your trades. management, journaling all your trades. management, journaling all your trades. &gt;&gt; This is an idea for Omar. Like using &gt;&gt; This is an idea for Omar. Like using &gt;&gt; This is an idea for Omar. Like using artificial intelligence for the journal artificial intelligence for the journal artificial intelligence for the journal is something that can really step up the is something that can really step up the is something that can really step up the game a lot. And game a lot. And game a lot. And &gt;&gt; it's incredible how much when you have &gt;&gt; it's incredible how much when you have &gt;&gt; it's incredible how much when you have 2,500 sample also a small change in risk 2,500 sample also a small change in risk 2,500 sample also a small change in risk management change the curve of the management change the curve of the management change the curve of the equity line. Yeah. equity line. Yeah. equity line. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like you can go parabolic or you can go &gt;&gt; Like you can go parabolic or you can go &gt;&gt; Like you can go parabolic or you can go stable or you can go like this small stable or you can go like this small stable or you can go like this small change. So the strategy it's 30%. change. So the strategy it's 30%. change. So the strategy it's 30%. Let's say 33%. 33% is the mindset the Let's say 33%. 33% is the mindset the Let's say 33%. 33% is the mindset the trader that is behind and that it can trader that is behind and that it can trader that is behind and that it can stay calm when it's not stay calm when it's not stay calm when it's not &gt;&gt; his setup or playbook presenting. Yeah. &gt;&gt; his setup or playbook presenting. Yeah. &gt;&gt; his setup or playbook presenting. Yeah. The other trend 33% is the risk The other trend 33% is the risk The other trend 33% is the risk management part. Definitely it's a huge management part. Definitely it's a huge management part. Definitely it's a huge part. part. part. &gt;&gt; Definitely. Yeah, that's something that &gt;&gt; Definitely. Yeah, that's something that &gt;&gt; Definitely. Yeah, that's something that um I did a round table with uh you know um I did a round table with uh you know um I did a round table with uh you know verified seven and eight figure traders verified seven and eight figure traders verified seven and eight figure traders Zuma was there as well and that was one Zuma was there as well and that was one Zuma was there as well and that was one thing that seemed to stand out is that thing that seemed to stand out is that thing that seemed to stand out is that once traders had gotten the strategy once traders had gotten the strategy once traders had gotten the strategy down down down &gt;&gt; right had their playbook and then they &gt;&gt; right had their playbook and then they &gt;&gt; right had their playbook and then they have the psychology at this point they have the psychology at this point they have the psychology at this point they have consistency have consistency have consistency &gt;&gt; a huge portion of that change in P&amp;L &gt;&gt; a huge portion of that change in P&amp;L &gt;&gt; a huge portion of that change in P&amp;L &gt;&gt; is tweaking the risk management by &gt;&gt; is tweaking the risk management by &gt;&gt; is tweaking the risk management by really mastering and focusing on that really mastering and focusing on that really mastering and focusing on that &gt;&gt; totally. &gt;&gt; totally. &gt;&gt; totally. So what are you seeing here then? So at So what are you seeing here then? So at So what are you seeing here then? So at this stage obviously we've seen this big this stage obviously we've seen this big this stage obviously we've seen this big buyer. buyer. buyer. &gt;&gt; We are we are still in a uh buy &gt;&gt; We are we are still in a uh buy &gt;&gt; We are we are still in a uh buy narrative. narrative. narrative. &gt;&gt; Is that that setup that you have mapped &gt;&gt; Is that that setup that you have mapped &gt;&gt; Is that that setup that you have mapped out there still valid? out there still valid? out there still valid? &gt;&gt; The the sell &gt;&gt; The the sell &gt;&gt; The the sell &gt;&gt; the the buy sorry &gt;&gt; the the buy sorry &gt;&gt; the the buy sorry &gt;&gt; the buy is still valid. Yes. Totally. &gt;&gt; the buy is still valid. Yes. Totally. &gt;&gt; the buy is still valid. Yes. Totally. &gt;&gt; And uh it's still not activated because &gt;&gt; And uh it's still not activated because &gt;&gt; And uh it's still not activated because they need to break the they need to break the they need to break the &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; But is is valid. The nar the narrative &gt;&gt; But is is valid. The nar the narrative &gt;&gt; But is is valid. The nar the narrative is valid. I was interested in this buy. is valid. I was interested in this buy. is valid. I was interested in this buy. If it gets bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro broken and tested we will bro bro bro broken and tested we will bro bro bro broken and tested we will keep this narrative. Yeah keep this narrative. Yeah keep this narrative. Yeah &gt;&gt; but still we are long. We broke the high &gt;&gt; but still we are long. We broke the high &gt;&gt; but still we are long. We broke the high of the consolidation. So we are in the of the consolidation. So we are in the of the consolidation. So we are in the expansion phase that we explained before expansion phase that we explained before expansion phase that we explained before &gt;&gt; at this stage where we are now. Anyway, &gt;&gt; at this stage where we are now. Anyway, &gt;&gt; at this stage where we are now. Anyway, I know obviously it's still valid I know obviously it's still valid I know obviously it's still valid anyway. But if I say you saw some anyway. But if I say you saw some anyway. But if I say you saw some sellers try to step in and they get sellers try to step in and they get sellers try to step in and they get absorbed just add to the confidence. If absorbed just add to the confidence. If absorbed just add to the confidence. If I see sellers getting absorbed here, it I see sellers getting absorbed here, it I see sellers getting absorbed here, it would be amazing would be amazing would be amazing &gt;&gt; because it says look we are also heavy &gt;&gt; because it says look we are also heavy &gt;&gt; because it says look we are also heavy on limit order not only aggressive on limit order not only aggressive on limit order not only aggressive orders because these are execution but orders because these are execution but orders because these are execution but if you see a sell aggressive not getting if you see a sell aggressive not getting if you see a sell aggressive not getting a follow through it means that the a follow through it means that the a follow through it means that the buyers are also protecting from limit buyers are also protecting from limit buyers are also protecting from limit order absorbing. So you have two forces order absorbing. So you have two forces order absorbing. So you have two forces pushing in the same direction and it's a pushing in the same direction and it's a pushing in the same direction and it's a really good trades. really good trades. really good trades. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; I'm really optimistic on this one. like &gt;&gt; I'm really optimistic on this one. like &gt;&gt; I'm really optimistic on this one. like &gt;&gt; it's a long way to go up here, but still &gt;&gt; it's a long way to go up here, but still &gt;&gt; it's a long way to go up here, but still we are in the dealing range that we want we are in the dealing range that we want we are in the dealing range that we want to trade because we still didn't took to trade because we still didn't took to trade because we still didn't took out the out the out the &gt;&gt; previous day &gt;&gt; previous day &gt;&gt; previous day &gt;&gt; previous daily high. Yeah. &gt;&gt; previous daily high. Yeah. &gt;&gt; previous daily high. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And would you say as well this &gt;&gt; And would you say as well this &gt;&gt; And would you say as well this compression we're seeing at this high, compression we're seeing at this high, compression we're seeing at this high, if we were to break higher, it would if we were to break higher, it would if we were to break higher, it would essentially be another squeeze. So essentially be another squeeze. So essentially be another squeeze. So because of that range that we've kind of because of that range that we've kind of because of that range that we've kind of been building here at the high, if we been building here at the high, if we been building here at the high, if we were to break higher, were to break higher, were to break higher, &gt;&gt; it would be all the these sellers and &gt;&gt; it would be all the these sellers and &gt;&gt; it would be all the these sellers and these sellers here these sellers here these sellers here &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; would have to close and there's I think &gt;&gt; would have to close and there's I think &gt;&gt; would have to close and there's I think there's one in there as well. there's one in there as well. there's one in there as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, but then they would &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, but then they would &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, but then they would essentially have to close out which essentially have to close out which essentially have to close out which would then cause us to push towards would then cause us to push towards would then cause us to push towards target more. target more. target more. &gt;&gt; They will uh get an exponential move of &gt;&gt; They will uh get an exponential move of &gt;&gt; They will uh get an exponential move of the price here. I'm pretty sure about the price here. I'm pretty sure about the price here. I'm pretty sure about it. it. it. &gt;&gt; But we need to give them a reason to &gt;&gt; But we need to give them a reason to &gt;&gt; But we need to give them a reason to close the trades because still now they close the trades because still now they close the trades because still now they can be right. can be right. can be right. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. &gt;&gt; They are going to be proven wrong if we &gt;&gt; They are going to be proven wrong if we &gt;&gt; They are going to be proven wrong if we first break this level. But if we first break this level. But if we first break this level. But if we approach this ice before so I don't want approach this ice before so I don't want approach this ice before so I don't want to lose the trade because if I wait here to lose the trade because if I wait here to lose the trade because if I wait here to step in Yeah. I risk that it's to step in Yeah. I risk that it's to step in Yeah. I risk that it's another explosion like this and we are another explosion like this and we are another explosion like this and we are unfilled. unfilled. unfilled. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So I will just take a level because when &gt;&gt; So I will just take a level because when &gt;&gt; So I will just take a level because when we break this one the probability that we break this one the probability that we break this one the probability that we will continue high. So our margin of we will continue high. So our margin of we will continue high. So our margin of error is small because we are only error is small because we are only error is small because we are only losing $595. This is half of the profit losing $595. This is half of the profit losing $595. This is half of the profit that we already made. that we already made. that we already made. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; But if it goes good we add another &gt;&gt; But if it goes good we add another &gt;&gt; But if it goes good we add another 1,200. So we are sitting on the day for 1,200. So we are sitting on the day for 1,200. So we are sitting on the day for $2,200. $2,200. $2,200. &gt;&gt; Just to confirm for everyone, we're not &gt;&gt; Just to confirm for everyone, we're not &gt;&gt; Just to confirm for everyone, we're not in this trade yet. in this trade yet. in this trade yet. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, no, no. Uh when you see this &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, no, no. Uh when you see this &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, no, no. Uh when you see this level here, it's long one contract and level here, it's long one contract and level here, it's long one contract and &gt;&gt; price takes that low. &gt;&gt; price takes that low. &gt;&gt; price takes that low. &gt;&gt; Mhm. Does that you &gt;&gt; Mhm. Does that you &gt;&gt; Mhm. Does that you &gt;&gt; invalid invalid because it means that &gt;&gt; invalid invalid because it means that &gt;&gt; invalid invalid because it means that the seller these buyers are not the seller these buyers are not the seller these buyers are not aggressive enough to push it up. But can aggressive enough to push it up. But can aggressive enough to push it up. But can I show you something I need to remove I show you something I need to remove I show you something I need to remove because the narrative that I have is because the narrative that I have is because the narrative that I have is really clear on the long and I will really clear on the long and I will really clear on the long and I will explain you why. explain you why. explain you why. Let's consider all this compression Let's consider all this compression Let's consider all this compression here. Now let's take into account all here. Now let's take into account all here. Now let's take into account all this area. Okay. Yeah, this area. Okay. Yeah, this area. Okay. Yeah, &gt;&gt; we are not willing to break &gt;&gt; we are not willing to break &gt;&gt; we are not willing to break the the the &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; the value area low. &gt;&gt; the value area low. &gt;&gt; the value area low. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; But we are willing to sit &gt;&gt; But we are willing to sit &gt;&gt; But we are willing to sit &gt;&gt; above the P. &gt;&gt; above the P. &gt;&gt; above the P. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; If we are sitting above the P &gt;&gt; If we are sitting above the P &gt;&gt; If we are sitting above the P consistently, it means that it's an consistently, it means that it's an consistently, it means that it's an accumulation. accumulation. accumulation. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Not always, but statistically wise, it's &gt;&gt; Not always, but statistically wise, it's &gt;&gt; Not always, but statistically wise, it's more probable that we will approach this more probable that we will approach this more probable that we will approach this high. high. high. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And if we approach this eye and we &gt;&gt; Yeah. And if we approach this eye and we &gt;&gt; Yeah. And if we approach this eye and we spike up, these traders are forced to spike up, these traders are forced to spike up, these traders are forced to close their position. If they are forced close their position. If they are forced close their position. If they are forced to close the position, we experience to close the position, we experience to close the position, we experience another catalyst in price that gives us another catalyst in price that gives us another catalyst in price that gives us the possibility to to be break even in the possibility to to be break even in the possibility to to be break even in one minute because we enter here, it one minute because we enter here, it one minute because we enter here, it approach here, it explode here, break approach here, it explode here, break approach here, it explode here, break even. even. even. &gt;&gt; So it's only temporary the $600 loss. &gt;&gt; So it's only temporary the $600 loss. &gt;&gt; So it's only temporary the $600 loss. Now I want to I want to see if Now I want to I want to see if Now I want to I want to see if approaching here we have aggressive approaching here we have aggressive approaching here we have aggressive sellers not willing to sellers not willing to sellers not willing to um not willing to have a reaction like um not willing to have a reaction like um not willing to have a reaction like pushing but pushing but pushing but &gt;&gt; limit order are absorbing them. Let's &gt;&gt; limit order are absorbing them. Let's &gt;&gt; limit order are absorbing them. Let's see how is it going. I want to activate see how is it going. I want to activate see how is it going. I want to activate also because it's really useful the also because it's really useful the also because it's really useful the commumulative volume delta in this commumulative volume delta in this commumulative volume delta in this situation. situation. situation. So what the cumulative volume delta is So what the cumulative volume delta is So what the cumulative volume delta is saying now is that they are building saying now is that they are building saying now is that they are building momentum down. So we can expect what is momentum down. So we can expect what is momentum down. So we can expect what is called a whipsaw. called a whipsaw. called a whipsaw. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Take off the law. &gt;&gt; Take off the law. &gt;&gt; Take off the law. But as you can see also here But as you can see also here But as you can see also here consolidation like also here like consolidation like also here like consolidation like also here like replicating the same scenario. replicating the same scenario. replicating the same scenario. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; In this situation here. &gt;&gt; In this situation here. &gt;&gt; In this situation here. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. They say that scalpers don't have They say that scalpers don't have They say that scalpers don't have patience but a lot. It's not it's not patience but a lot. It's not it's not patience but a lot. It's not it's not like swing but it's a lot of patient to like swing but it's a lot of patient to like swing but it's a lot of patient to wait for the correct setup. wait for the correct setup. wait for the correct setup. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah, that's true. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah, that's true. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah, that's true. &gt;&gt; So &gt;&gt; So &gt;&gt; So I will only use these two signal I will only use these two signal I will only use these two signal the value area low and I will use the the value area low and I will use the the value area low and I will use the same color blue same color blue same color blue and the value area high and the value area high and the value area high that is this one. Okay, then Okay, then Okay, then I will cancel this one. There's a little I will cancel this one. There's a little I will cancel this one. There's a little bit of delay for connection I think. bit of delay for connection I think. bit of delay for connection I think. And um what we will do is we will And um what we will do is we will And um what we will do is we will observe when we approach this level, if observe when we approach this level, if observe when we approach this level, if we approach this level, the behavior of we approach this level, the behavior of we approach this level, the behavior of the big trades still not participating. still not participating. still not participating. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Still bias control. &gt;&gt; Still bias control. &gt;&gt; Still bias control. &gt;&gt; Does this just mean uh &gt;&gt; Does this just mean uh &gt;&gt; Does this just mean uh &gt;&gt; No, no, it's live. It's live. just uh I &gt;&gt; No, no, it's live. It's live. just uh I &gt;&gt; No, no, it's live. It's live. just uh I think let me reload but I think it works think let me reload but I think it works think let me reload but I think it works properly. Let's see if there is any properly. Let's see if there is any properly. Let's see if there is any change. No, it works. Let me check with the No, it works. Let me check with the No, it works. Let me check with the phone phone phone if there is any discrepancy in price if there is any discrepancy in price if there is any discrepancy in price but I think no. Oh no, it disappeared. It was only Oh no, it disappeared. It was only Oh no, it disappeared. It was only temporary. temporary. temporary. There was delay 5 seconds, 10 seconds There was delay 5 seconds, 10 seconds There was delay 5 seconds, 10 seconds the red the mark, but the red the mark, but the red the mark, but we are approaching the high we are approaching the high we are approaching the high still buyers controlling like if we want still buyers controlling like if we want still buyers controlling like if we want to get the horizontal level is exactly to get the horizontal level is exactly to get the horizontal level is exactly the one protecting this order. So my the one protecting this order. So my the one protecting this order. So my stop loss is a little bit too generous. stop loss is a little bit too generous. stop loss is a little bit too generous. should be like this to be honest. should be like this to be honest. should be like this to be honest. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Exactly $500. &gt;&gt; This uh price consolidating the way it &gt;&gt; This uh price consolidating the way it &gt;&gt; This uh price consolidating the way it is right now. Is that would you say is right now. Is that would you say is right now. Is that would you say that's a positive thing, negative thing that's a positive thing, negative thing that's a positive thing, negative thing or just neutral? or just neutral? or just neutral? &gt;&gt; It's positive thing because it's most &gt;&gt; It's positive thing because it's most &gt;&gt; It's positive thing because it's most probably a reaccumulation before because probably a reaccumulation before because probably a reaccumulation before because the market cannot look here. It's the market cannot look here. It's the market cannot look here. It's skyrocket up. skyrocket up. skyrocket up. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Without retracing. This is not um &gt;&gt; Without retracing. This is not um &gt;&gt; Without retracing. This is not um efficient market exchange. This is efficient market exchange. This is efficient market exchange. This is inefficiency price action. inefficiency price action. inefficiency price action. &gt;&gt; So this one is necessary if we want to &gt;&gt; So this one is necessary if we want to &gt;&gt; So this one is necessary if we want to reach the top of the day. This one is reach the top of the day. This one is reach the top of the day. This one is the market cannot be parabolic. the market cannot be parabolic. the market cannot be parabolic. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because there needs to be interaction &gt;&gt; Because there needs to be interaction &gt;&gt; Because there needs to be interaction like sellers trying to step in. And now like sellers trying to step in. And now like sellers trying to step in. And now if we analyze sellers trapped, buyers if we analyze sellers trapped, buyers if we analyze sellers trapped, buyers aggressive, aggressive, aggressive, big node on the top, possible squeeze. big node on the top, possible squeeze. big node on the top, possible squeeze. &gt;&gt; If we break this one, this one are &gt;&gt; If we break this one, this one are &gt;&gt; If we break this one, this one are forced to close. forced to close. forced to close. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. It's a good setup. This one is a good It's a good setup. This one is a good It's a good setup. This one is a good setup. And the good part is that we are setup. And the good part is that we are setup. And the good part is that we are using profit of the profit. This is using profit of the profit. This is using profit of the profit. This is psychologically also really psychologically also really psychologically also really convenient for us. convenient for us. convenient for us. &gt;&gt; So you have a 2% limit on loss &gt;&gt; So you have a 2% limit on loss &gt;&gt; So you have a 2% limit on loss &gt;&gt; loss for the day. On the worst case &gt;&gt; loss for the day. On the worst case &gt;&gt; loss for the day. On the worst case scenario, I lose 2%. That is scenario, I lose 2%. That is scenario, I lose 2%. That is eight trades. eight trades. eight trades. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But doesn't happen often can happen one &gt;&gt; But doesn't happen often can happen one &gt;&gt; But doesn't happen often can happen one time every two months. time every two months. time every two months. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So in in in this case though like &gt;&gt; Yeah. So in in in this case though like &gt;&gt; Yeah. So in in in this case though like if you were trading at your own desk if you were trading at your own desk if you were trading at your own desk right now right now right now &gt;&gt; and um so first trade's a a win are you &gt;&gt; and um so first trade's a a win are you &gt;&gt; and um so first trade's a a win are you taking trades like this trade another taking trades like this trade another taking trades like this trade another trade for example would you be taking trade for example would you be taking trade for example would you be taking any of those other trades that we any of those other trades that we any of those other trades that we discussed uh as well or trying them or discussed uh as well or trying them or discussed uh as well or trying them or is I will take the exact same trade if is I will take the exact same trade if is I will take the exact same trade if it was on desk the only difference is it was on desk the only difference is it was on desk the only difference is that I'm with a trackp now and I have a that I'm with a trackp now and I have a that I'm with a trackp now and I have a mouse that have shortcut so I can just mouse that have shortcut so I can just mouse that have shortcut so I can just execute faster and also put at break execute faster and also put at break execute faster and also put at break even with one shortcut like the even with one shortcut like the even with one shortcut like the execution it's really important like execution it's really important like execution it's really important like with a laptop it's not the best to do with a laptop it's not the best to do with a laptop it's not the best to do scalping scalping scalping &gt;&gt; but uh yes these are two valid setup the &gt;&gt; but uh yes these are two valid setup the &gt;&gt; but uh yes these are two valid setup the setup that we took before is exactly setup that we took before is exactly setup that we took before is exactly what I would execute in the water in cup what I would execute in the water in cup what I would execute in the water in cup if I was still participating in it we if I was still participating in it we if I was still participating in it we are approaching the high and um are approaching the high and um are approaching the high and um exactly at the level I told you exactly at the level I told you exactly at the level I told you &gt;&gt; so now participating we are waiting for &gt;&gt; so now participating we are waiting for &gt;&gt; so now participating we are waiting for full candle because it can be a fake out full candle because it can be a fake out full candle because it can be a fake out on the full candle we are in it's one on the full candle we are in it's one on the full candle we are in it's one minute chart so it's really easy minute chart so it's really easy minute chart so it's really easy &gt;&gt; see if you we were in before we would &gt;&gt; see if you we were in before we would &gt;&gt; see if you we were in before we would risk the whip saw risk the whip saw risk the whip saw &gt;&gt; now what happens if the full candle &gt;&gt; now what happens if the full candle &gt;&gt; now what happens if the full candle arrives here we cannot have this big arrives here we cannot have this big arrives here we cannot have this big stop loss so we will just cover ourself stop loss so we will just cover ourself stop loss so we will just cover ourself below the big trade okay below the big trade okay below the big trade okay &gt;&gt; got &gt;&gt; got &gt;&gt; got &gt;&gt; so let's see how it goes we are still not in. So I need to adapt my stop loss. If the candle close even here, we are If the candle close even here, we are If the candle close even here, we are still risking even less 355. But I need still risking even less 355. But I need still risking even less 355. But I need to see that it close above this box. to see that it close above this box. to see that it close above this box. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; If it close inside, I'm not engaging. &gt;&gt; If it close inside, I'm not engaging. &gt;&gt; If it close inside, I'm not engaging. &gt;&gt; If it closes inside then closes above &gt;&gt; If it closes inside then closes above &gt;&gt; If it closes inside then closes above the box, you're in or it close below. the box, you're in or it close below. the box, you're in or it close below. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, not in. &gt;&gt; So, not in. &gt;&gt; So, not in. &gt;&gt; Okay. But if it now closed above, &gt;&gt; Okay. But if it now closed above, &gt;&gt; Okay. But if it now closed above, &gt;&gt; you see why not? &gt;&gt; you see why not? &gt;&gt; you see why not? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; If it now closed above, I still can &gt;&gt; If it now closed above, I still can &gt;&gt; If it now closed above, I still can consider the trade. But, uh, I need to consider the trade. But, uh, I need to consider the trade. But, uh, I need to cover myself below this bias. Yes. This is potential area accumulation. So, This is potential area accumulation. So, This is potential area accumulation. So, I can have a really small stop loss. I can have a really small stop loss. I can have a really small stop loss. It's this trade execute. I will It's this trade execute. I will It's this trade execute. I will participate here. It's $275 participate here. It's $275 participate here. It's $275 loss. loss. loss. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; 20% of what we got for the day. &gt;&gt; 20% of what we got for the day. &gt;&gt; 20% of what we got for the day. &gt;&gt; So, are you doing that because that is, &gt;&gt; So, are you doing that because that is, &gt;&gt; So, are you doing that because that is, you know, if we go below that low, the you know, if we go below that low, the you know, if we go below that low, the setup is essentially fine anymore. setup is essentially fine anymore. setup is essentially fine anymore. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, it doesn't matter about, oh, &gt;&gt; Okay. So, it doesn't matter about, oh, &gt;&gt; Okay. So, it doesn't matter about, oh, you have $600 worth of risk you could you have $600 worth of risk you could you have $600 worth of risk you could use. So, give it wider. use. So, give it wider. use. So, give it wider. &gt;&gt; I'm showing one contract, but if the &gt;&gt; I'm showing one contract, but if the &gt;&gt; I'm showing one contract, but if the risk is only $280, risk is only $280, risk is only $280, I can scaling contract like I can bring I can scaling contract like I can bring I can scaling contract like I can bring the risk to $500. So, two contracts in the risk to $500. So, two contracts in the risk to $500. So, two contracts in this case. this case. this case. &gt;&gt; I got you. Yes. Okay. I understand. &gt;&gt; I got you. Yes. Okay. I understand. &gt;&gt; I got you. Yes. Okay. I understand. Yeah. Let's see. Okay, we are in here. Yeah. Let's see. Okay, we are in here. Yeah. Let's see. Okay, we are in here. Close of the candle. We are in. We are Close of the candle. We are in. We are Close of the candle. We are in. We are risking $260 to make potential risking $260 to make potential risking $260 to make potential 1,100. 1,100. 1,100. It's one to five. One It's one to five. One It's one to five. One &gt;&gt; to five and a halfish. Yeah. &gt;&gt; to five and a halfish. Yeah. &gt;&gt; to five and a halfish. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Five and a half. The good part is that &gt;&gt; Five and a half. The good part is that &gt;&gt; Five and a half. The good part is that when we approach this, when we approach this, when we approach this, &gt;&gt; if we break, we are risk free &gt;&gt; if we break, we are risk free &gt;&gt; if we break, we are risk free immediately. immediately. immediately. &gt;&gt; If we break that, &gt;&gt; If we break that, &gt;&gt; If we break that, &gt;&gt; yeah, we break this one, you see the &gt;&gt; yeah, we break this one, you see the &gt;&gt; yeah, we break this one, you see the catalyst. catalyst. catalyst. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; We go risk free. &gt;&gt; We go risk free. &gt;&gt; We go risk free. &gt;&gt; Got you. and like some seconds and we go &gt;&gt; Got you. and like some seconds and we go &gt;&gt; Got you. and like some seconds and we go risk free. &gt;&gt; So now you'd be risk free. &gt;&gt; So now you'd be risk free. &gt;&gt; So now you'd be risk free. &gt;&gt; Yes, the risk is free. It's it can be below this aggression candle it can be below this aggression candle it can be below this aggression candle but it's still risky. I will still not but it's still risky. I will still not but it's still risky. I will still not go risk-f free because I think we will go risk-f free because I think we will go risk-f free because I think we will test this level. I will take the risk to test this level. I will take the risk to test this level. I will take the risk to take a loss on this one. Yeah, &gt;&gt; you can go risk free when you see candle &gt;&gt; you can go risk free when you see candle &gt;&gt; you can go risk free when you see candle accepting the high. accepting the high. accepting the high. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; this one is still not accepting the high &gt;&gt; this one is still not accepting the high &gt;&gt; this one is still not accepting the high and the risk is that it test then and the risk is that it test then and the risk is that it test then skyrocket up and you are out of your skyrocket up and you are out of your skyrocket up and you are out of your position position position &gt;&gt; and it moves too fast. &gt;&gt; No, it's again test. You see what I &gt;&gt; No, it's again test. You see what I &gt;&gt; No, it's again test. You see what I saved saved saved &gt;&gt; does the upper &gt;&gt; does the upper &gt;&gt; does the upper top of the range. top of the range. top of the range. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, &gt;&gt; I saved the fact that I will get &gt;&gt; I saved the fact that I will get &gt;&gt; I saved the fact that I will get liquidated if I go too fast risk free. liquidated if I go too fast risk free. liquidated if I go too fast risk free. And you can say you can re-enter. Yes, And you can say you can re-enter. Yes, And you can say you can re-enter. Yes, but what if now it explode? but what if now it explode? but what if now it explode? &gt;&gt; It's too fast. &gt;&gt; It's too fast. &gt;&gt; It's too fast. &gt;&gt; Yes, it's too fast. Now, when we get a &gt;&gt; Yes, it's too fast. Now, when we get a &gt;&gt; Yes, it's too fast. Now, when we get a full money candle up, Yeah. we can get full money candle up, Yeah. we can get full money candle up, Yeah. we can get risk-free. risk-free. risk-free. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; You're getting anxious. &gt;&gt; You're getting anxious. &gt;&gt; You're getting anxious. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're dry. We're getting We're &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're dry. We're getting We're &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're dry. We're getting We're getting good by the end of this be a getting good by the end of this be a getting good by the end of this be a whole different trader. That's it. But be honest, is it more clear than But be honest, is it more clear than But be honest, is it more clear than price action or price action or price action or &gt;&gt; Yeah, it is. It is. Uh it's way more &gt;&gt; Yeah, it is. It is. Uh it's way more &gt;&gt; Yeah, it is. It is. Uh it's way more clear. Like I said, the one of the most clear. Like I said, the one of the most clear. Like I said, the one of the most clearest orderflow breakdowns we've done clearest orderflow breakdowns we've done clearest orderflow breakdowns we've done so far, for sure. And to be able to do so far, for sure. And to be able to do so far, for sure. And to be able to do it live as well and see it live is it live as well and see it live is it live as well and see it live is incredible. Um, and I'll tell you that, incredible. Um, and I'll tell you that, incredible. Um, and I'll tell you that, you know, the platform's been incredible you know, the platform's been incredible you know, the platform's been incredible as well because, as I said, previous as well because, as I said, previous as well because, as I said, previous ones I've seen, it's it feels very ones I've seen, it's it feels very ones I've seen, it's it feels very overwhelming as someone who doesn't use overwhelming as someone who doesn't use overwhelming as someone who doesn't use orderflow, orderflow, orderflow, &gt;&gt; while this one you can incorporate a lot &gt;&gt; while this one you can incorporate a lot &gt;&gt; while this one you can incorporate a lot of this information quite cleanly, of this information quite cleanly, of this information quite cleanly, especially like you had the volume especially like you had the volume especially like you had the volume profile with the delta, and then you profile with the delta, and then you profile with the delta, and then you have uh, you know, the orders being have uh, you know, the orders being have uh, you know, the orders being shown as well, the large orders being shown as well, the large orders being shown as well, the large orders being shown, shown, shown, &gt;&gt; and it all feels quite clean. And the &gt;&gt; and it all feels quite clean. And the &gt;&gt; and it all feels quite clean. And the the beauty is you can just click a the beauty is you can just click a the beauty is you can just click a button, hide them off, put them back on. button, hide them off, put them back on. button, hide them off, put them back on. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So you see it's not it's a fail this is So you see it's not it's a fail this is So you see it's not it's a fail this is a failed deduction like every time it a failed deduction like every time it a failed deduction like every time it approach the high and get back our approach the high and get back our approach the high and get back our probability that we will get a stop loss probability that we will get a stop loss probability that we will get a stop loss gets higher. gets higher. gets higher. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; So if we approach again and it gives me &gt;&gt; So if we approach again and it gives me &gt;&gt; So if we approach again and it gives me the ability to put my stop loss to break the ability to put my stop loss to break the ability to put my stop loss to break even here I will do because the setup is even here I will do because the setup is even here I will do because the setup is getting the more time the the weaker the getting the more time the the weaker the getting the more time the the weaker the weaker the weaker a good setup create an weaker the weaker a good setup create an weaker the weaker a good setup create an explosion here. explosion here. explosion here. &gt;&gt; Okay. So yes, there are these big orders &gt;&gt; Okay. So yes, there are these big orders &gt;&gt; Okay. So yes, there are these big orders protecting, but the probability that it protecting, but the probability that it protecting, but the probability that it will just spike out and liquidate me is will just spike out and liquidate me is will just spike out and liquidate me is getting higher and higher. And that's exactly what happened. So how And that's exactly what happened. So how And that's exactly what happened. So how much we lost on this one? $255. So the ability to be able to spot this So the ability to be able to spot this So the ability to be able to spot this here saves you to put a stop loss like here saves you to put a stop loss like here saves you to put a stop loss like the beginning we wanted to do here the beginning we wanted to do here the beginning we wanted to do here &gt;&gt; down here. Yeah. &gt;&gt; down here. Yeah. &gt;&gt; down here. Yeah. &gt;&gt; No, it's a half the risk. Let's adopt &gt;&gt; No, it's a half the risk. Let's adopt &gt;&gt; No, it's a half the risk. Let's adopt the the narrative. We are in profit of the the narrative. We are in profit of the the narrative. We are in profit of 750 for the day because we lost two $250 750 for the day because we lost two $250 750 for the day because we lost two $250 on this one. What can we do? If this big on this one. What can we do? If this big on this one. What can we do? If this big order gets again absorbed, we can order gets again absorbed, we can order gets again absorbed, we can engaged. But we need to see again engaged. But we need to see again engaged. But we need to see again aggression of the market participants. aggression of the market participants. aggression of the market participants. We can take a final position of other We can take a final position of other We can take a final position of other $500 to target for either the eye of the $500 to target for either the eye of the $500 to target for either the eye of the day either one to two one to three day either one to two one to three day either one to two one to three riskto-reward. riskto-reward. riskto-reward. What happened here? Why we have this What happened here? Why we have this What happened here? Why we have this movement? Aggressive buyers no follow movement? Aggressive buyers no follow movement? Aggressive buyers no follow through. through. through. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Getting back in sellers locking the &gt;&gt; Getting back in sellers locking the &gt;&gt; Getting back in sellers locking the movement. movement. movement. Now either we go here either the buyers Now either we go here either the buyers Now either we go here either the buyers take control. From what I'm seeing, we take control. From what I'm seeing, we take control. From what I'm seeing, we go here. Why aggressive buyers? No go here. Why aggressive buyers? No go here. Why aggressive buyers? No followup. followup. followup. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Like &gt;&gt; Like &gt;&gt; Like if you want this can be a short but it's if you want this can be a short but it's if you want this can be a short but it's against the against the against the &gt;&gt; the bias. &gt;&gt; the bias. &gt;&gt; the bias. &gt;&gt; The bias. So we will not experience it &gt;&gt; The bias. So we will not experience it &gt;&gt; The bias. So we will not experience it and we will not try it. So we are and we will not try it. So we are and we will not try it. So we are waiting that the market gives us a new waiting that the market gives us a new waiting that the market gives us a new long position. long position. long position. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; That of course is not providing at the &gt;&gt; That of course is not providing at the &gt;&gt; That of course is not providing at the moment. So would you need to uh see price close So would you need to uh see price close So would you need to uh see price close back above any certain level before back above any certain level before back above any certain level before looking to X? looking to X? looking to X? &gt;&gt; Yes, I will show you also which level. &gt;&gt; Yes, I will show you also which level. &gt;&gt; Yes, I will show you also which level. Now the consolidation era is still the same. the consolidation era is still the same. the consolidation era is still the same. Okay, let's remove for a second the big Okay, let's remove for a second the big Okay, let's remove for a second the big trades and let's go on what really matters. and let's go on what really matters. and let's go on what really matters. Did it break the value area low? No. Did Did it break the value area low? No. Did Did it break the value area low? No. Did it break the value area high? Yes. Okay. it break the value area high? Yes. Okay. it break the value area high? Yes. Okay. First information. Now sellers are First information. Now sellers are First information. Now sellers are getting really aggressive here. What getting really aggressive here. What getting really aggressive here. What does it mean? Like before before does it mean? Like before before does it mean? Like before before skyrocketing the market up, it took the skyrocketing the market up, it took the skyrocketing the market up, it took the low. Okay. So either this candle is full of Okay. So either this candle is full of Okay. So either this candle is full of aggressive sellers. There is a big ball aggressive sellers. There is a big ball aggressive sellers. There is a big ball here. Either we go back here and I see here. Either we go back here and I see here. Either we go back here and I see market activity participant buy and I market activity participant buy and I market activity participant buy and I engage. Either we use the trend engage. Either we use the trend engage. Either we use the trend following setup only when it closed the following setup only when it closed the following setup only when it closed the candle here. You remember break testing candle here. You remember break testing candle here. You remember break testing here like we did here. This explosion here like we did here. This explosion here like we did here. This explosion was taken thanks to this. Okay. So we was taken thanks to this. Okay. So we was taken thanks to this. Okay. So we took a stop loss here. We don't want to took a stop loss here. We don't want to took a stop loss here. We don't want to engage in the noise now. engage in the noise now. engage in the noise now. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just want to be patient about it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just want to be patient about it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just want to be patient about it. Let's see what Let's see what Let's see what &gt;&gt; cuz otherwise let's say you know we get &gt;&gt; cuz otherwise let's say you know we get &gt;&gt; cuz otherwise let's say you know we get involved now. we could easily continue involved now. we could easily continue involved now. we could easily continue lower or even if we even if we close lower or even if we even if we close lower or even if we even if we close above this uh the top of the range there above this uh the top of the range there above this uh the top of the range there could still go lower while if we break could still go lower while if we break could still go lower while if we break above above above &gt;&gt; then we could have a high &gt;&gt; then we could have a high &gt;&gt; then we could have a high &gt;&gt; prob low probability that you will go &gt;&gt; prob low probability that you will go &gt;&gt; prob low probability that you will go lower and also consider that if it lower and also consider that if it lower and also consider that if it breaks higher you have a really clear breaks higher you have a really clear breaks higher you have a really clear level where to cover yourself. So you level where to cover yourself. So you level where to cover yourself. So you either you are right, either you are either you are right, either you are either you are right, either you are wrong really really fast here you can wrong really really fast here you can wrong really really fast here you can try along here get stopped out try again try along here get stopped out try again try along here get stopped out try again here get stopped out here if it breaks here get stopped out here if it breaks here get stopped out here if it breaks and it comes back is not valid anymore. and it comes back is not valid anymore. and it comes back is not valid anymore. Yeah you cannot get stopped out for no Yeah you cannot get stopped out for no Yeah you cannot get stopped out for no reason. reason. reason. &gt;&gt; So this could you going back to your &gt;&gt; So this could you going back to your &gt;&gt; So this could you going back to your analogy as well about you know during analogy as well about you know during analogy as well about you know during the battle this is essentially like the battle this is essentially like the battle this is essentially like during the battle here where we entered during the battle here where we entered during the battle here where we entered the trade that we just got stopped out the trade that we just got stopped out the trade that we just got stopped out on was when we had exited the battle. on was when we had exited the battle. on was when we had exited the battle. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Then it ended up being a loss. That's &gt;&gt; Then it ended up being a loss. That's &gt;&gt; Then it ended up being a loss. That's fine. fine. fine. &gt;&gt; Yes. It's part of trading, &gt;&gt; Yes. It's part of trading, &gt;&gt; Yes. It's part of trading, &gt;&gt; but now we're in the battle again. So, &gt;&gt; but now we're in the battle again. So, &gt;&gt; but now we're in the battle again. So, we're not looking to make a decision we're not looking to make a decision we're not looking to make a decision now. now. now. &gt;&gt; No, &gt;&gt; No, &gt;&gt; No, &gt;&gt; we want to come away from it. &gt;&gt; we want to come away from it. &gt;&gt; we want to come away from it. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; But it's planned ahead of time. &gt;&gt; But it's planned ahead of time. &gt;&gt; But it's planned ahead of time. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Now, at the moment, sellers are willing &gt;&gt; Now, at the moment, sellers are willing &gt;&gt; Now, at the moment, sellers are willing this battle. If sellers are willing to this battle. If sellers are willing to this battle. If sellers are willing to win this battle, this one needs to win this battle, this one needs to win this battle, this one needs to close. If this one needs to close, then close. If this one needs to close, then close. If this one needs to close, then we'll squeeze down. Uh we will do the we'll squeeze down. Uh we will do the we'll squeeze down. Uh we will do the opposite. We'll squeeze down. See opposite. We'll squeeze down. See opposite. We'll squeeze down. See aggressive sellers here jumping back aggressive sellers here jumping back aggressive sellers here jumping back liquidating all these ones and from here liquidating all these ones and from here liquidating all these ones and from here we can get the big buy movement of the we can get the big buy movement of the we can get the big buy movement of the day. day. day. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; let's see how it behaves. Still didn't &gt;&gt; let's see how it behaves. Still didn't &gt;&gt; let's see how it behaves. Still didn't took the low. The squeeze happens when took the low. The squeeze happens when took the low. The squeeze happens when you took the low here and they have one, you took the low here and they have one, you took the low here and they have one, two, three, four, five low to revisit. two, three, four, five low to revisit. two, three, four, five low to revisit. Let's see how they will behave. Let's see how they will behave. Let's see how they will behave. &gt;&gt; Would you say usually What time are we &gt;&gt; Would you say usually What time are we &gt;&gt; Would you say usually What time are we into the open? We're couple hours in. into the open? We're couple hours in. into the open? We're couple hours in. Yes. Couple hours in the open. Yes. Couple hours in the open. Yes. Couple hours in the open. &gt;&gt; At this stage normally is there more &gt;&gt; At this stage normally is there more &gt;&gt; At this stage normally is there more volatility would you say or is this volatility would you say or is this volatility would you say or is this &gt;&gt; not like it's you see compression day &gt;&gt; not like it's you see compression day &gt;&gt; not like it's you see compression day first movement we made profit. Yeah. first movement we made profit. Yeah. first movement we made profit. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Then we lost in compression. As I told &gt;&gt; Then we lost in compression. As I told &gt;&gt; Then we lost in compression. As I told you the model don't work properly when you the model don't work properly when you the model don't work properly when there is compression. there is compression. there is compression. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Why we are still in profit if we took &gt;&gt; Why we are still in profit if we took &gt;&gt; Why we are still in profit if we took one take profit and one loss for only one take profit and one loss for only one take profit and one loss for only one reason our risk management. Yeah. one reason our risk management. Yeah. one reason our risk management. Yeah. &gt;&gt; We took profit when is necessary. We are &gt;&gt; We took profit when is necessary. We are &gt;&gt; We took profit when is necessary. We are wrong. When we are wrong we are wrong wrong. When we are wrong we are wrong wrong. When we are wrong we are wrong immediately. You see the squeeze like immediately. You see the squeeze like immediately. You see the squeeze like took the first low accelerated to the took the first low accelerated to the took the first low accelerated to the second. If accelerate to the second, it second. If accelerate to the second, it second. If accelerate to the second, it accelerate to the third. Big accelerate to the third. Big accelerate to the third. Big liquidation, fill the low volume node. liquidation, fill the low volume node. liquidation, fill the low volume node. Market makers don't like when the Market makers don't like when the Market makers don't like when the exchange is not um transaction properly. exchange is not um transaction properly. exchange is not um transaction properly. They don't like to void here. Okay. They don't like to void here. Okay. They don't like to void here. Okay. &gt;&gt; So you can see them from the low volume &gt;&gt; So you can see them from the low volume &gt;&gt; So you can see them from the low volume uh node and usually they get filled. So uh node and usually they get filled. So uh node and usually they get filled. So this cell if we were ignoring all of this cell if we were ignoring all of this cell if we were ignoring all of this this cell is saying sellers are this this cell is saying sellers are this this cell is saying sellers are getting aggressive but they are not getting aggressive but they are not getting aggressive but they are not having a follow through. having a follow through. having a follow through. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But in this situation we are also having &gt;&gt; But in this situation we are also having &gt;&gt; But in this situation we are also having a fail auction. If here we have a a fail auction. If here we have a a fail auction. If here we have a breakout of the candle and we get back breakout of the candle and we get back breakout of the candle and we get back here this could be a trade. here this could be a trade. here this could be a trade. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Is not the situation because also the &gt;&gt; Is not the situation because also the &gt;&gt; Is not the situation because also the buyers are not willing. So we are in the buyers are not willing. So we are in the buyers are not willing. So we are in the situation if you remember of the London situation if you remember of the London situation if you remember of the London session that we saw not clear direction session that we saw not clear direction session that we saw not clear direction not clear breakout long-term bias is not clear breakout long-term bias is not clear breakout long-term bias is clear is long clear is long clear is long &gt;&gt; but not a good setup to to take. &gt;&gt; but not a good setup to to take. &gt;&gt; but not a good setup to to take. &gt;&gt; Yeah &gt;&gt; Yeah &gt;&gt; Yeah &gt;&gt; let's remove the big trades here. Let's watch what's happen. So they took Let's watch what's happen. So they took Let's watch what's happen. So they took the first two loss, they get back inside the first two loss, they get back inside the first two loss, they get back inside in the sellers are still aggressive in the sellers are still aggressive in the sellers are still aggressive here. We didn't reach the value area low here. We didn't reach the value area low here. We didn't reach the value area low and we failed the auction here. Now and we failed the auction here. Now and we failed the auction here. Now let's clean everything. let's clean everything. let's clean everything. If we clean everything, we see something If we clean everything, we see something If we clean everything, we see something really clear this failed option. But at the same this failed option. But at the same this failed option. But at the same time, and I need to go on five minutes time, and I need to go on five minutes time, and I need to go on five minutes to show you this, the bias is clear. But look at this this the bias is clear. But look at this this the bias is clear. But look at this this situation. They didn't even revisit from the first They didn't even revisit from the first They didn't even revisit from the first trade that we took the balance area. trade that we took the balance area. trade that we took the balance area. So what can we do now? So what can we do now? So what can we do now? We can We can We can use the full impulse to time the delta the delta the delta and what we see we go deep inside the by delta that is more relevant is the by delta that is more relevant is the by delta that is more relevant is concentrated here in this three point concentrated here in this three point concentrated here in this three point one two and three these are the biggest one two and three these are the biggest one two and three these are the biggest one even if it's a void and this one even if it's a void and this one even if it's a void and this coherent with the test of this now if we coherent with the test of this now if we coherent with the test of this now if we get back here we have aggressive buyers get back here we have aggressive buyers get back here we have aggressive buyers we have sellers that are in deep loss we have sellers that are in deep loss we have sellers that are in deep loss yeah that can close the position and yeah that can close the position and yeah that can close the position and skyrocket up so from this situation I skyrocket up so from this situation I skyrocket up so from this situation I expect that shortterm the bias is still expect that shortterm the bias is still expect that shortterm the bias is still long we can accelerate and this exactly long we can accelerate and this exactly long we can accelerate and this exactly what we are doing so now it's time to what we are doing so now it's time to what we are doing so now it's time to take some of those previous lows that take some of those previous lows that take some of those previous lows that you mentioned we are going to take them. you mentioned we are going to take them. you mentioned we are going to take them. It's It's It's not worthy to take a long here against not worthy to take a long here against not worthy to take a long here against the momentum. Yeah, the narrative is really clear. The the narrative is really clear. The the narrative is really clear. The squeeze is happening. They took the squeeze is happening. They took the squeeze is happening. They took the first three low. They are going to first three low. They are going to first three low. They are going to target this other one. When they do it, target this other one. When they do it, target this other one. When they do it, they rebalance the low volume node. When they rebalance the low volume node. When they rebalance the low volume node. When they rebalance the low volume node, we they rebalance the low volume node, we they rebalance the low volume node, we have our opportunity to take a $500 have our opportunity to take a $500 have our opportunity to take a $500 trade. Yeah. To 2,000 profit, 3,000 trade. Yeah. To 2,000 profit, 3,000 trade. Yeah. To 2,000 profit, 3,000 profit for the day. profit for the day. profit for the day. And we are done. And we are done. And we are done. Let's see. Now we can put now that it's Let's see. Now we can put now that it's Let's see. Now we can put now that it's moving. moving. moving. You see really aggressive accelerating You see really aggressive accelerating You see really aggressive accelerating to our to our to our &gt;&gt; accepted. Now I will never dream about putting the Now I will never dream about putting the Now I will never dream about putting the buy here without seeing some absorption buy here without seeing some absorption buy here without seeing some absorption or some aggressive buyers stepping in. or some aggressive buyers stepping in. or some aggressive buyers stepping in. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like I will before wait this one is a &gt;&gt; Like I will before wait this one is a &gt;&gt; Like I will before wait this one is a continuation model like sellers continuation model like sellers continuation model like sellers aggressive buyers trying aggressive buyers trying aggressive buyers trying &gt;&gt; you want them to fail. &gt;&gt; you want them to fail. &gt;&gt; you want them to fail. &gt;&gt; You want them to like it's accelerating &gt;&gt; You want them to like it's accelerating &gt;&gt; You want them to like it's accelerating still pushing low. when it's uh yellow it's irrelevant like when it's uh yellow it's irrelevant like when it's uh yellow it's irrelevant like it's not relevant volume it's not relevant volume it's not relevant volume &gt;&gt; okay &gt;&gt; okay &gt;&gt; okay &gt;&gt; so it's below the threshold okay &gt;&gt; so it's below the threshold okay &gt;&gt; so it's below the threshold okay &gt;&gt; then uh you can point it out I think we &gt;&gt; then uh you can point it out I think we &gt;&gt; then uh you can point it out I think we are going to yes we are going to push it are going to yes we are going to push it are going to yes we are going to push it out till this out till this out till this &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. If these traders close the position, If these traders close the position, If these traders close the position, skyrocket up, we are experience the skyrocket up, we are experience the skyrocket up, we are experience the first time that we are seeing this now. first time that we are seeing this now. first time that we are seeing this now. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; What risks can can we take here? If &gt;&gt; What risks can can we take here? If &gt;&gt; What risks can can we take here? If let me show you this is the candle that let me show you this is the candle that let me show you this is the candle that incorporated all this sell volume incorporated all this sell volume incorporated all this sell volume inside. If they manage to break the high inside. If they manage to break the high inside. If they manage to break the high of this candle, okay, and get back in, of this candle, okay, and get back in, of this candle, okay, and get back in, not even if I calculated on purpose, not even if I calculated on purpose, not even if I calculated on purpose, $500 risk, we can shoot up to $2,000 trade. It's a one to four to $2,000 trade. It's a one to four to $2,000 trade. It's a one to four riskto-reward. riskto-reward. riskto-reward. We will see later if it is still what we We will see later if it is still what we We will see later if it is still what we need to have to activate this setup need to have to activate this setup need to have to activate this setup break out with full body candle of this break out with full body candle of this break out with full body candle of this high. high. high. &gt;&gt; Okay. So you need to close. &gt;&gt; Okay. So you need to close. &gt;&gt; Okay. So you need to close. &gt;&gt; I need to close. Yes. So &gt;&gt; I need to close. Yes. So &gt;&gt; I need to close. Yes. So &gt;&gt; if the market goes down great aggressive &gt;&gt; if the market goes down great aggressive &gt;&gt; if the market goes down great aggressive cell I recalibrate my stop loss. cell I recalibrate my stop loss. cell I recalibrate my stop loss. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Let's see what it does. Still I expect a whipso down. Why Still I expect a whipso down. Why Still I expect a whipso down. Why the buyers follow through is garbage. the buyers follow through is garbage. the buyers follow through is garbage. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um the sellers Yes. The sellers can push &gt;&gt; Um the sellers Yes. The sellers can push &gt;&gt; Um the sellers Yes. The sellers can push out up closing this position but the out up closing this position but the out up closing this position but the reaction of the buyers is not so good. reaction of the buyers is not so good. reaction of the buyers is not so good. &gt;&gt; If we start to go above here the sellers &gt;&gt; If we start to go above here the sellers &gt;&gt; If we start to go above here the sellers will be forced to close. This can be a will be forced to close. This can be a will be forced to close. This can be a catalyst for up. But I would like to see catalyst for up. But I would like to see catalyst for up. But I would like to see that we reach this global node. This is that we reach this global node. This is that we reach this global node. This is really interesting. really interesting. really interesting. Let's see if we manage to get it. Let's see if we manage to get it. Let's see if we manage to get it. &gt;&gt; Just so you know, you hold the record &gt;&gt; Just so you know, you hold the record &gt;&gt; Just so you know, you hold the record for the longest char episode. for the longest char episode. for the longest char episode. &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Probably approaching four or five hours, &gt;&gt; Probably approaching four or five hours, &gt;&gt; Probably approaching four or five hours, I think, by now. I think, by now. I think, by now. &gt;&gt; Really? It's a course. It's not a &gt;&gt; Really? It's a course. It's not a &gt;&gt; Really? It's a course. It's not a &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. Exactly. &gt;&gt; We told the people free education, you &gt;&gt; We told the people free education, you &gt;&gt; We told the people free education, you know, that you've never seen before. know, that you've never seen before. know, that you've never seen before. And, you know, we like to deliver and And, you know, we like to deliver and And, you know, we like to deliver and you've helped us to do that. Like I you've helped us to do that. Like I you've helped us to do that. Like I said, I'm excited to see the feedback, said, I'm excited to see the feedback, said, I'm excited to see the feedback, the comments from everyone. the comments from everyone. the comments from everyone. &gt;&gt; Interesting. Interesting. &gt;&gt; Interesting. Interesting. &gt;&gt; Interesting. Interesting. Ultra aggressive sellers getting Ultra aggressive sellers getting Ultra aggressive sellers getting absorbed absorbed absorbed close to the low volume node. So this close to the low volume node. So this close to the low volume node. So this trade is not valid. trade is not valid. trade is not valid. Okay, we are canceling it. Now this low volume node is created by Now this low volume node is created by Now this low volume node is created by this candle. this candle. this candle. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; And they try to create a new low but it &gt;&gt; And they try to create a new low but it &gt;&gt; And they try to create a new low but it failed to do it. So we expect that if we failed to do it. So we expect that if we failed to do it. So we expect that if we approach again this low we have the approach again this low we have the approach again this low we have the final drive final drive final drive &gt;&gt; when the bubbles present themselves on &gt;&gt; when the bubbles present themselves on &gt;&gt; when the bubbles present themselves on the chart is that when the the chart is that when the the chart is that when the &gt;&gt; execution has taken yes okay &gt;&gt; execution has taken yes okay &gt;&gt; execution has taken yes okay &gt;&gt; exactly &gt;&gt; exactly &gt;&gt; exactly &gt;&gt; so you expect so especially for that &gt;&gt; so you expect so especially for that &gt;&gt; so you expect so especially for that size size size &gt;&gt; you would expect price when it's &gt;&gt; you would expect price when it's &gt;&gt; you would expect price when it's happened to to instantly move really so happened to to instantly move really so happened to to instantly move really so the fact it doesn't is where we're the fact it doesn't is where we're the fact it doesn't is where we're saying absorption saying absorption saying absorption &gt;&gt; yes exactly &gt;&gt; yes exactly &gt;&gt; yes exactly &gt;&gt; because if we look back here for example &gt;&gt; because if we look back here for example &gt;&gt; because if we look back here for example those buys came in we moved Yes. Yeah. those buys came in we moved Yes. Yeah. those buys came in we moved Yes. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Same here. The sells came in, we didn't &gt;&gt; Same here. The sells came in, we didn't &gt;&gt; Same here. The sells came in, we didn't move, but the buys came in. We Yes. move, but the buys came in. We Yes. move, but the buys came in. We Yes. &gt;&gt; They they are &gt;&gt; They they are &gt;&gt; They they are &gt;&gt; facilitated in moving the &gt;&gt; facilitated in moving the &gt;&gt; facilitated in moving the &gt;&gt; the market. We are &gt;&gt; the market. We are &gt;&gt; the market. We are &gt;&gt; What about now? What is your &gt;&gt; What about now? What is your &gt;&gt; What about now? What is your &gt;&gt; We are getting ready for I need only the &gt;&gt; We are getting ready for I need only the &gt;&gt; We are getting ready for I need only the lock in of uh lock in of uh lock in of uh uh green. Here we are approaching the level. So, I'm we are approaching the level. So, I'm we are approaching the level. So, I'm waiting. You still need that closer. waiting. You still need that closer. waiting. You still need that closer. &gt;&gt; Yes. This is exactly $500. &gt;&gt; Yes. This is exactly $500. &gt;&gt; Yes. This is exactly $500. Let's put for now at 1,000. Let's see Let's put for now at 1,000. Let's see Let's put for now at 1,000. Let's see the close. The close is there. The close is there. The close is there. Not yet. It's a one minute candle. You Not yet. It's a one minute candle. You Not yet. It's a one minute candle. You needed to close above. needed to close above. needed to close above. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it can close also below this one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it can close also below this one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it can close also below this one. If it close the important is that it If it close the important is that it If it close the important is that it close below this, above this and above close below this, above this and above close below this, above this and above this. this. this. &gt;&gt; So, still not doing it. &gt;&gt; So, still not doing it. &gt;&gt; So, still not doing it. &gt;&gt; You see it's rejecting. &gt;&gt; You see it's rejecting. &gt;&gt; You see it's rejecting. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; This one is not okay. Still not in the &gt;&gt; This one is not okay. Still not in the &gt;&gt; This one is not okay. Still not in the trade. trade. trade. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. Thanks God. Still not in the trade Thanks God. Still not in the trade Thanks God. Still not in the trade because because because as soon as the sellers are not are still as soon as the sellers are not are still as soon as the sellers are not are still protecting the position, you will see protecting the position, you will see protecting the position, you will see the retracement. the retracement. the retracement. &gt;&gt; How often do you see like early buyers &gt;&gt; How often do you see like early buyers &gt;&gt; How often do you see like early buyers early sellers as in traps essentially or early sellers as in traps essentially or early sellers as in traps essentially or like okay getting in buyers early here like okay getting in buyers early here like okay getting in buyers early here for example. for example. for example. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; But then we go to that low volume. &gt;&gt; But then we go to that low volume. &gt;&gt; But then we go to that low volume. &gt;&gt; Yeah. A lot of times does that happen a &gt;&gt; Yeah. A lot of times does that happen a &gt;&gt; Yeah. A lot of times does that happen a lot? Yeah. lot? Yeah. lot? Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; That's why that confirmation is so &gt;&gt; That's why that confirmation is so &gt;&gt; That's why that confirmation is so important. important. important. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, it's like a semaphore like &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, it's like a semaphore like &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, it's like a semaphore like if it's red and you are trying to pass if it's red and you are trying to pass if it's red and you are trying to pass two times out of 10 it's working but the two times out of 10 it's working but the two times out of 10 it's working but the other time you are crashing another car other time you are crashing another car other time you are crashing another car like like like &gt;&gt; now it's again presenting the setups &gt;&gt; now it's again presenting the setups &gt;&gt; now it's again presenting the setups &gt;&gt; but you needed to close &gt;&gt; but you needed to close &gt;&gt; but you needed to close &gt;&gt; I need to close but I think we are &gt;&gt; I need to close but I think we are &gt;&gt; I need to close but I think we are &gt;&gt; almost there let's see let's see let's see &gt;&gt; yes closed okay we are in just tested just tested just tested So, we got filled. So, we got filled. So, we got filled. Now, we can decide to scale one to two. Now, we can decide to scale one to two. Now, we can decide to scale one to two. Yeah. At 1,00 and then scale the final Yeah. At 1,00 and then scale the final Yeah. At 1,00 and then scale the final position out of the top of the day. If position out of the top of the day. If position out of the top of the day. If we take a stop loss on this one, we will we take a stop loss on this one, we will we take a stop loss on this one, we will close the day because the model is not close the day because the model is not close the day because the model is not responding properly because we are in responding properly because we are in responding properly because we are in consolidation phase. You see, we are consolidation phase. You see, we are consolidation phase. You see, we are whipsome whips. So, we protect the whipsome whips. So, we protect the whipsome whips. So, we protect the profit that we made for the day. profit that we made for the day. profit that we made for the day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Now I like these setups because &gt;&gt; Yeah. Now I like these setups because &gt;&gt; Yeah. Now I like these setups because they are usually zero draw down like we they are usually zero draw down like we they are usually zero draw down like we are getting the whips. So up we are are getting the whips. So up we are are getting the whips. So up we are loaded here. loaded here. loaded here. &gt;&gt; When can we put this position to break &gt;&gt; When can we put this position to break &gt;&gt; When can we put this position to break even? Break this high we are risk free. even? Break this high we are risk free. even? Break this high we are risk free. &gt;&gt; Yeah &gt;&gt; Yeah &gt;&gt; Yeah let's see how it goes. let's see how it goes. let's see how it goes. You notice something about the really You notice something about the really You notice something about the really good setups that they go immediately in good setups that they go immediately in good setups that they go immediately in profit. That's the reason this one I profit. That's the reason this one I profit. That's the reason this one I decided to close only with $250 loss decided to close only with $250 loss decided to close only with $250 loss because if it fail to option I you are because if it fail to option I you are because if it fail to option I you are going to stop loss. There is no way you going to stop loss. There is no way you going to stop loss. There is no way you will win a trade like this. So we are in line with bias. We have So we are in line with bias. We have So we are in line with bias. We have aggressive sellers stopped absorbed aggressive sellers stopped absorbed aggressive sellers stopped absorbed not tapping directly on the low volume not tapping directly on the low volume not tapping directly on the low volume node but on the same level where the node but on the same level where the node but on the same level where the sellers get get absorbed before. Yeah, sellers get get absorbed before. Yeah, sellers get get absorbed before. Yeah, bias is there. bias is there. bias is there. Let's see if they reach at least the Let's see if they reach at least the Let's see if they reach at least the close. No, because it was over close. No, because it was over close. No, because it was over overlapped with this one. Imagine now they spike down. Close this Imagine now they spike down. Close this Imagine now they spike down. Close this one and stop this. one and stop this. one and stop this. &gt;&gt; That happens, right? &gt;&gt; That happens, right? &gt;&gt; That happens, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, this will not surprise me. NASDAQ &gt;&gt; Yeah, this will not surprise me. NASDAQ &gt;&gt; Yeah, this will not surprise me. NASDAQ a lot of time does a lot of time does a lot of time does double legs with multiple spikes before double legs with multiple spikes before double legs with multiple spikes before jumping. But the good part about NASDAQ jumping. But the good part about NASDAQ jumping. But the good part about NASDAQ that now is not a good day. like we are that now is not a good day. like we are that now is not a good day. like we are managing to make profit but this is the managing to make profit but this is the managing to make profit but this is the worst day that you can have because worst day that you can have because worst day that you can have because usually when it's building momentum is usually when it's building momentum is usually when it's building momentum is trend falling this one is breakout we trend falling this one is breakout we trend falling this one is breakout we saw break out saw break out saw break out &gt;&gt; if we if we weren't in this saying right &gt;&gt; if we if we weren't in this saying right &gt;&gt; if we if we weren't in this saying right now where we're trying to obviously now where we're trying to obviously now where we're trying to obviously trade live and and continue to trade trade live and and continue to trade trade live and and continue to trade &gt;&gt; if you were at home and you took that &gt;&gt; if you were at home and you took that &gt;&gt; if you were at home and you took that first trade and you see this would you first trade and you see this would you first trade and you see this would you then okay it's a day for me or would you then okay it's a day for me or would you then okay it's a day for me or would you say say say &gt;&gt; when I see that this model fails goes &gt;&gt; when I see that this model fails goes &gt;&gt; when I see that this model fails goes back and I take profit from this back and I take profit from this back and I take profit from this probably I will just take another probably I will just take another probably I will just take another thousand profit and close for the day thousand profit and close for the day thousand profit and close for the day because it's not the market environment because it's not the market environment because it's not the market environment that is making me money. that is making me money. that is making me money. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like I want to go more aggressive when &gt;&gt; Like I want to go more aggressive when &gt;&gt; Like I want to go more aggressive when it's like long session was really nice. it's like long session was really nice. it's like long session was really nice. You see uh directional move a lot of You see uh directional move a lot of You see uh directional move a lot of volatility in explosion like fast one to volatility in explosion like fast one to volatility in explosion like fast one to three setups now is getting like also three setups now is getting like also three setups now is getting like also for price action trader is getting for price action trader is getting for price action trader is getting really compressed. really compressed. really compressed. &gt;&gt; Yeah. like all this area is not making &gt;&gt; Yeah. like all this area is not making &gt;&gt; Yeah. like all this area is not making anything just breaking going down anything just breaking going down anything just breaking going down breaking going down. So now we have two breaking going down. So now we have two breaking going down. So now we have two scenario either we get another 1,000 scenario either we get another 1,000 scenario either we get another 1,000 profit and we close at 1,750 profit and we close at 1,750 profit and we close at 1,750 &gt;&gt; or we just get at least to break even &gt;&gt; or we just get at least to break even &gt;&gt; or we just get at least to break even this one when we break this high and we this one when we break this high and we this one when we break this high and we let it run. let it run. let it run. &gt;&gt; Yeah. If you let it run &gt;&gt; Yeah. If you let it run &gt;&gt; Yeah. If you let it run each contract that we open on this one each contract that we open on this one each contract that we open on this one &gt;&gt; Mhm. would give us. Let's go to the top of would give us. Let's go to the top of would give us. Let's go to the top of the day. For each contract we are making 3,680. So sometimes it's worth it to do it So sometimes it's worth it to do it So sometimes it's worth it to do it because if you get three or four because if you get three or four because if you get three or four contract you can make five figures per contract you can make five figures per contract you can make five figures per day. day. day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But the win rate gets uh lower. So you &gt;&gt; But the win rate gets uh lower. So you &gt;&gt; But the win rate gets uh lower. So you can have these amazing days if you are can have these amazing days if you are can have these amazing days if you are heavy on the lot size like me. I I can heavy on the lot size like me. I I can heavy on the lot size like me. I I can open five, six, seven, 10 uh of mini open five, six, seven, 10 uh of mini open five, six, seven, 10 uh of mini contract. It's heavy. If you get 10 contract. It's heavy. If you get 10 contract. It's heavy. If you get 10 contract there, you can make $40,000. Uh contract there, you can make $40,000. Uh contract there, you can make $40,000. Uh but the win rate drops drops down. I but the win rate drops drops down. I but the win rate drops drops down. I This is just a personal like decision. I This is just a personal like decision. I This is just a personal like decision. I prefer a lot of days of 3,000 5,000 prefer a lot of days of 3,000 5,000 prefer a lot of days of 3,000 5,000 6,000 2,000 5,000 8,000 and to build the 6,000 2,000 5,000 8,000 and to build the 6,000 2,000 5,000 8,000 and to build the five to six figures for the month than five to six figures for the month than five to six figures for the month than having 40,000 minus 3 - 5 - 4 - 3 is not having 40,000 minus 3 - 5 - 4 - 3 is not having 40,000 minus 3 - 5 - 4 - 3 is not psychologically is not um helping me you psychologically is not um helping me you psychologically is not um helping me you know and I think it's only ego because know and I think it's only ego because know and I think it's only ego because you can just take for example let's say you can just take for example let's say you can just take for example let's say that you are that you are that you are &gt;&gt; sometimes what happens is it always &gt;&gt; sometimes what happens is it always &gt;&gt; sometimes what happens is it always balance sometimes it balances Anyway, balance sometimes it balances Anyway, balance sometimes it balances Anyway, yeah, but one person hasn't had to take yeah, but one person hasn't had to take yeah, but one person hasn't had to take so many losses. so many losses. so many losses. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Which is, as you say, psychologically, &gt;&gt; Which is, as you say, psychologically, &gt;&gt; Which is, as you say, psychologically, most people couldn't handle that. There most people couldn't handle that. There most people couldn't handle that. There are going to be those occasional are going to be those occasional are going to be those occasional psychopaths who can handle handle in the psychopaths who can handle handle in the psychopaths who can handle handle in the beginning. Then I had one day where I beginning. Then I had one day where I beginning. Then I had one day where I was floating 28,000 for the day. I was floating 28,000 for the day. I was floating 28,000 for the day. I decided to keep for the eye. decided to keep for the eye. decided to keep for the eye. &gt;&gt; It just reversed five tick below the eye &gt;&gt; It just reversed five tick below the eye &gt;&gt; It just reversed five tick below the eye and I lost everything plus a stop loss and I lost everything plus a stop loss and I lost everything plus a stop loss on the next trades. on the next trades. on the next trades. &gt;&gt; So just I say, "No, it's just stupid. &gt;&gt; So just I say, "No, it's just stupid. &gt;&gt; So just I say, "No, it's just stupid. just you can close at 28,000 you are just you can close at 28,000 you are just you can close at 28,000 you are done for the week what you need to do &gt;&gt; so it's heavier from the psychology side &gt;&gt; so it's heavier from the psychology side &gt;&gt; so it's heavier from the psychology side &gt;&gt; it's &gt;&gt; it's &gt;&gt; it's I will say also less profitable but I I I will say also less profitable but I I I will say also less profitable but I I don't know because I never try to keep don't know because I never try to keep don't know because I never try to keep my position open but for example today my position open but for example today my position open but for example today you will be already in true loss if you you will be already in true loss if you you will be already in true loss if you keep the stop loss there you don't trail keep the stop loss there you don't trail keep the stop loss there you don't trail or you don't manage we would already or you don't manage we would already or you don't manage we would already taken three loss taken three loss taken three loss &gt;&gt; mhm &gt;&gt; mhm &gt;&gt; mhm &gt;&gt; we will not be sitting on a profit now &gt;&gt; we will not be sitting on a profit now &gt;&gt; we will not be sitting on a profit now soon we go to break even on this one soon we go to break even on this one soon we go to break even on this one because it's going really good. We we because it's going really good. We we because it's going really good. We we got inside here on the test. got inside here on the test. got inside here on the test. &gt;&gt; When we reach the high, are you &gt;&gt; When we reach the high, are you &gt;&gt; When we reach the high, are you expecting a squeeze expecting a squeeze expecting a squeeze &gt;&gt; with this three? Yes. Okay. &gt;&gt; with this three? Yes. Okay. &gt;&gt; with this three? Yes. Okay. &gt;&gt; That's the reason that I I say I will &gt;&gt; That's the reason that I I say I will &gt;&gt; That's the reason that I I say I will bring to break even not close full bring to break even not close full bring to break even not close full position here because with the right position here because with the right position here because with the right squeeze it can go really fast to for squeeze it can go really fast to for squeeze it can go really fast to for example 2,000. Okay. Can go really fast. example 2,000. Okay. Can go really fast. example 2,000. Okay. Can go really fast. So let's take as a reference that we So let's take as a reference that we So let's take as a reference that we bring to break even here. But what we bring to break even here. But what we bring to break even here. But what we can expect is momentum. Now building for can expect is momentum. Now building for can expect is momentum. Now building for the day the day the day &gt;&gt; and when does your typically your &gt;&gt; and when does your typically your &gt;&gt; and when does your typically your session come to an end? session come to an end? session come to an end? &gt;&gt; It depends like uh some session consider &gt;&gt; It depends like uh some session consider &gt;&gt; It depends like uh some session consider that I'm living in uh United Arab that I'm living in uh United Arab that I'm living in uh United Arab Emirates. So I'm uh for me New York Emirates. So I'm uh for me New York Emirates. So I'm uh for me New York session is uh really late. Yeah, session is uh really late. Yeah, session is uh really late. Yeah, &gt;&gt; it's already uh 7. &gt;&gt; it's already uh 7. &gt;&gt; it's already uh 7. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; 7 and um usually I finish 8 9 sometimes &gt;&gt; 7 and um usually I finish 8 9 sometimes &gt;&gt; 7 and um usually I finish 8 9 sometimes 10. 10. 10. And it's not just convenient to keep. So And it's not just convenient to keep. So And it's not just convenient to keep. So I do the first three to four hours of I do the first three to four hours of I do the first three to four hours of the session. the session. the session. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I just manage trades but I don't &gt;&gt; And I just manage trades but I don't &gt;&gt; And I just manage trades but I don't decide not to take other trades. Now we decide not to take other trades. Now we decide not to take other trades. Now we have um an opportunity to put our stop have um an opportunity to put our stop have um an opportunity to put our stop loss to break even already. If this loss to break even already. If this loss to break even already. If this break again this eye not to break even break again this eye not to break even break again this eye not to break even to stop no to break even to break even. to stop no to break even to break even. to stop no to break even to break even. If this eye breaks what the market is If this eye breaks what the market is If this eye breaks what the market is saying to us is that aggressive buyers saying to us is that aggressive buyers saying to us is that aggressive buyers are pushing sellers are trying to get are pushing sellers are trying to get are pushing sellers are trying to get aggressive. but they are getting failed. aggressive. but they are getting failed. aggressive. but they are getting failed. You know, I will not even say to break You know, I will not even say to break You know, I will not even say to break even, but I will secure other $250. So, even, but I will secure other $250. So, even, but I will secure other $250. So, putting stopping profit. So, in the putting stopping profit. So, in the putting stopping profit. So, in the worst case scenario, we close $1,000 and worst case scenario, we close $1,000 and worst case scenario, we close $1,000 and I'm still okay with it, you know. I'm still okay with it, you know. I'm still okay with it, you know. Let's see if it approached the high and Let's see if it approached the high and Let's see if it approached the high and get as Yes. get as Yes. get as Yes. So, yes, exactly $250 for the day. Um, So, yes, exactly $250 for the day. Um, So, yes, exactly $250 for the day. Um, that brings back back like if we didn't that brings back back like if we didn't that brings back back like if we didn't took the previous loss. took the previous loss. took the previous loss. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And uh you see building slowly the &gt;&gt; Yeah. And uh you see building slowly the &gt;&gt; Yeah. And uh you see building slowly the profit for the day is not heavy mentally profit for the day is not heavy mentally profit for the day is not heavy mentally and is not giving us the risk that if and is not giving us the risk that if and is not giving us the risk that if now this is a failed auction that it now this is a failed auction that it now this is a failed auction that it explode lower we get another $500 loss. explode lower we get another $500 loss. explode lower we get another $500 loss. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like getting consistent wins getting all &gt;&gt; Like getting consistent wins getting all &gt;&gt; Like getting consistent wins getting all your trading journal green it's better your trading journal green it's better your trading journal green it's better than getting green on one day and red on than getting green on one day and red on than getting green on one day and red on all the other days. all the other days. all the other days. What happens if uh is that what you What happens if uh is that what you What happens if uh is that what you would expect though if price was to come would expect though if price was to come would expect though if price was to come to this level to go continue lower down to this level to go continue lower down to this level to go continue lower down to here? to here? to here? &gt;&gt; Considering that it's not breaking if it &gt;&gt; Considering that it's not breaking if it &gt;&gt; Considering that it's not breaking if it goes back here and it breaks. Yes. It goes back here and it breaks. Yes. It goes back here and it breaks. Yes. It will go at least to break even. will go at least to break even. will go at least to break even. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; To to the previous level where we &gt;&gt; To to the previous level where we &gt;&gt; To to the previous level where we entered. entered. entered. &gt;&gt; So then you might as well put it into &gt;&gt; So then you might as well put it into &gt;&gt; So then you might as well put it into profit. profit. profit. &gt;&gt; Better be out. Better be out. like &gt;&gt; Better be out. Better be out. like &gt;&gt; Better be out. Better be out. like securing uh securing some profit for the securing uh securing some profit for the securing uh securing some profit for the day and uh day and uh day and uh be able to make 1,000 in the worst be able to make 1,000 in the worst be able to make 1,000 in the worst market environment. Secure for you five market environment. Secure for you five market environment. Secure for you five or 10,000 when the condition are good. or 10,000 when the condition are good. or 10,000 when the condition are good. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like look at this market. &gt;&gt; Like look at this market. &gt;&gt; Like look at this market. &gt;&gt; The only trending environment that we &gt;&gt; The only trending environment that we &gt;&gt; The only trending environment that we did is this one and we monetized it. did is this one and we monetized it. did is this one and we monetized it. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. &gt;&gt; All the rest is just managing your risk &gt;&gt; All the rest is just managing your risk &gt;&gt; All the rest is just managing your risk management and surviving this market management and surviving this market management and surviving this market condition. condition. condition. I decided to put that stopping profit I decided to put that stopping profit I decided to put that stopping profit here because this failed option. Yeah. here because this failed option. Yeah. here because this failed option. Yeah. Says a lot about what the price want to Says a lot about what the price want to Says a lot about what the price want to do. do. do. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Says a lot. So if we break this one, we &gt;&gt; Says a lot. So if we break this one, we &gt;&gt; Says a lot. So if we break this one, we will collapse down and then you can say will collapse down and then you can say will collapse down and then you can say maybe we react here. Yes. We can try maybe we react here. Yes. We can try maybe we react here. Yes. We can try another trade but sitting on a profit. another trade but sitting on a profit. another trade but sitting on a profit. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like we can risk the profit. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like we can risk the profit. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like we can risk the profit. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And if it does come down though to the &gt;&gt; And if it does come down though to the &gt;&gt; And if it does come down though to the low volume node for example, then you low volume node for example, then you low volume node for example, then you have have have &gt;&gt; then you you can use half of the 1,000 &gt;&gt; then you you can use half of the 1,000 &gt;&gt; then you you can use half of the 1,000 that we make. that we make. that we make. &gt;&gt; Yeah. for uh for for it but just I know &gt;&gt; Yeah. for uh for for it but just I know &gt;&gt; Yeah. for uh for for it but just I know NASDAQ and I know that after the huge NASDAQ and I know that after the huge NASDAQ and I know that after the huge gap that it made usually the day is gap that it made usually the day is gap that it made usually the day is rebalance you know because the yeah it's rebalance you know because the yeah it's rebalance you know because the yeah it's it's a really not clear situation about it's a really not clear situation about it's a really not clear situation about Iran and they are just compressing you Iran and they are just compressing you Iran and they are just compressing you see also the buyers are not getting any see also the buyers are not getting any see also the buyers are not getting any followup followup followup &gt;&gt; like they are trying to push in the &gt;&gt; like they are trying to push in the &gt;&gt; like they are trying to push in the market high but it was getting really market high but it was getting really market high but it was getting really aggressive by the sellers we are still aggressive by the sellers we are still aggressive by the sellers we are still not out of the position not out of the position not out of the position Let's see if this buyer can protect it. Consider that the profit that we made Consider that the profit that we made Consider that the profit that we made today is made considering one contract today is made considering one contract today is made considering one contract execution. execution. execution. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So you need to multiply it for the &gt;&gt; So you need to multiply it for the &gt;&gt; So you need to multiply it for the amount of margin you have available to amount of margin you have available to amount of margin you have available to open three, four, five contract. open three, four, five contract. open three, four, five contract. &gt;&gt; We are out. We are 1,000 in profit for &gt;&gt; We are out. We are 1,000 in profit for &gt;&gt; We are out. We are 1,000 in profit for the day. We are out. Now what we can do the day. We are out. Now what we can do the day. We are out. Now what we can do again is if this breaks the high try again is if this breaks the high try again is if this breaks the high try the squeeze. the squeeze. the squeeze. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. From here but it needs to break the From here but it needs to break the From here but it needs to break the high. high. high. &gt;&gt; You need a close again. &gt;&gt; You need a close again. &gt;&gt; You need a close again. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Squeeze the from here. Getting $1,000 profit. $1,000 profit. $1,000 profit. I think we can reach this easily if the I think we can reach this easily if the I think we can reach this easily if the price squeeze correctly. Mhm. price squeeze correctly. Mhm. price squeeze correctly. Mhm. So now we are 1,000 another 1,000 per So now we are 1,000 another 1,000 per So now we are 1,000 another 1,000 per contract. Consider that with contract. Consider that with contract. Consider that with five contract available you will close five contract available you will close five contract available you will close the day at 10,000. the day at 10,000. the day at 10,000. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; People don't consider how much profit it &gt;&gt; People don't consider how much profit it &gt;&gt; People don't consider how much profit it is. But if you can do this in these is. But if you can do this in these is. But if you can do this in these days, days, days, this candle close we are in. this candle close we are in. this candle close we are in. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; You can also get a little bit more &gt;&gt; You can also get a little bit more &gt;&gt; You can also get a little bit more aggressive. For example, this one it's aggressive. For example, this one it's aggressive. For example, this one it's $290 each contract. You can get two $290 each contract. You can get two $290 each contract. You can get two contract and get 600 risk to make other contract and get 600 risk to make other contract and get 600 risk to make other 2,000. 2,000. 2,000. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Now we are making all the trades with &gt;&gt; Now we are making all the trades with &gt;&gt; Now we are making all the trades with one contract. So we just consider one one contract. So we just consider one one contract. So we just consider one contract. We need to be with a candle contract. We need to be with a candle contract. We need to be with a candle out of this area. out of this area. out of this area. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; For confirming trades. &gt;&gt; For confirming trades. &gt;&gt; For confirming trades. &gt;&gt; Still no. &gt;&gt; Still no. &gt;&gt; Still no. Did you ever Did you ever Did you ever in the beginning when when looking at in the beginning when when looking at in the beginning when when looking at charts in this way when price got above charts in this way when price got above charts in this way when price got above just enter without the closure? just enter without the closure? just enter without the closure? &gt;&gt; I that's the reason now I'm so calm. &gt;&gt; I that's the reason now I'm so calm. &gt;&gt; I that's the reason now I'm so calm. What would you say helped you to What would you say helped you to What would you say helped you to overcome that? overcome that? overcome that? &gt;&gt; Uh the equity line. &gt;&gt; Uh the equity line. &gt;&gt; Uh the equity line. The equity line. You see this one is not The equity line. You see this one is not The equity line. You see this one is not accepting is didn't close. Now this is accepting is didn't close. Now this is accepting is didn't close. Now this is the first candle that can close above the first candle that can close above the first candle that can close above &gt;&gt; and we need to adapt. Like if the candle &gt;&gt; and we need to adapt. Like if the candle &gt;&gt; and we need to adapt. Like if the candle for example is closing here, it's still for example is closing here, it's still for example is closing here, it's still valid but we need to take other $100 of valid but we need to take other $100 of valid but we need to take other $100 of risk. risk. risk. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So we just need a candle that close. At &gt;&gt; So we just need a candle that close. At &gt;&gt; So we just need a candle that close. At the moment is not closing. And every the moment is not closing. And every the moment is not closing. And every time that you reject, as I told you, the time that you reject, as I told you, the time that you reject, as I told you, the setup gets weaker and weaker. So every setup gets weaker and weaker. So every setup gets weaker and weaker. So every time I get more um demanding from my time I get more um demanding from my time I get more um demanding from my setup. So for example, now I expect for setup. So for example, now I expect for setup. So for example, now I expect for a breakout of this. a breakout of this. a breakout of this. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So I need a breakout of this level. I &gt;&gt; So I need a breakout of this level. I &gt;&gt; So I need a breakout of this level. I will take still $385 to target for to target for to target for &gt;&gt; I think what you said is right though in &gt;&gt; I think what you said is right though in &gt;&gt; I think what you said is right though in terms of uh the day the day that we're terms of uh the day the day that we're terms of uh the day the day that we're trading today with obviously that large trading today with obviously that large trading today with obviously that large gap that is a large gap as well. 3% um gap that is a large gap as well. 3% um gap that is a large gap as well. 3% um of a gap that got reclaimed and then we of a gap that got reclaimed and then we of a gap that got reclaimed and then we did have some decent movement after that did have some decent movement after that did have some decent movement after that reclaim as well in London right um as reclaim as well in London right um as reclaim as well in London right um as well as coming into New York we had a well as coming into New York we had a well as coming into New York we had a very good move that we captured as well very good move that we captured as well very good move that we captured as well so you know in reality so you know in reality so you know in reality we could have this move but we could we could have this move but we could we could have this move but we could also just chop and chop also just chop and chop also just chop and chop &gt;&gt; probably for the way this presenting &gt;&gt; probably for the way this presenting &gt;&gt; probably for the way this presenting like breaking the high of the like breaking the high of the like breaking the high of the consolidation and getting in this chop consolidation and getting in this chop consolidation and getting in this chop It's a decision day and it's Monday. It's a decision day and it's Monday. It's a decision day and it's Monday. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, &gt;&gt; it's really common. Yeah, Monday that it &gt;&gt; it's really common. Yeah, Monday that it &gt;&gt; it's really common. Yeah, Monday that it happens like Monday and Friday are my happens like Monday and Friday are my happens like Monday and Friday are my worst day in performance. worst day in performance. worst day in performance. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; because they are not explosion day. They &gt;&gt; because they are not explosion day. They &gt;&gt; because they are not explosion day. They are I still make profit but the profit are I still make profit but the profit are I still make profit but the profit factor is like way lower. factor is like way lower. factor is like way lower. &gt;&gt; Mhm. But um if it breaks there you see &gt;&gt; Mhm. But um if it breaks there you see &gt;&gt; Mhm. But um if it breaks there you see again fake breakout getting back inside again fake breakout getting back inside again fake breakout getting back inside we are just not doing anything just we are just not doing anything just we are just not doing anything just compressing the only thing that I can compressing the only thing that I can compressing the only thing that I can expect is that if we approach this high expect is that if we approach this high expect is that if we approach this high we see some acceleration that's the we see some acceleration that's the we see some acceleration that's the reason I still say I can also take reason I still say I can also take reason I still say I can also take double the risk here and risk double the risk here and risk double the risk here and risk $700 $700 $700 if it goes in the worst case scenario if it goes in the worst case scenario if it goes in the worst case scenario I'm still in profit for the day small I'm still in profit for the day small I'm still in profit for the day small profit but I'm profitable for the day. profit but I'm profitable for the day. profit but I'm profitable for the day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And if you take double the risk, &gt;&gt; Yeah. And if you take double the risk, &gt;&gt; Yeah. And if you take double the risk, it's another 2,000 that this will bring it's another 2,000 that this will bring it's another 2,000 that this will bring the day to 3,000. Now let's consider we the day to 3,000. Now let's consider we the day to 3,000. Now let's consider we take this trade and we close the day at take this trade and we close the day at take this trade and we close the day at 3,000. We are using one contract. Okay, 3,000. We are using one contract. Okay, 3,000. We are using one contract. Okay, let's see also to contract is what you let's see also to contract is what you let's see also to contract is what you can do with 100,000 $100,000 account. can do with 100,000 $100,000 account. can do with 100,000 $100,000 account. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; it's 3% in one day. People don't &gt;&gt; it's 3% in one day. People don't &gt;&gt; it's 3% in one day. People don't understand how much it is if you can do understand how much it is if you can do understand how much it is if you can do this consistently. this consistently. this consistently. &gt;&gt; Of course, &gt;&gt; Of course, &gt;&gt; Of course, &gt;&gt; like the edge found will be craving for &gt;&gt; like the edge found will be craving for &gt;&gt; like the edge found will be craving for you like we will be knocking on your you like we will be knocking on your you like we will be knocking on your door. It's a good accumulation what he's door. It's a good accumulation what he's door. It's a good accumulation what he's doing here. This is a good pattern doing here. This is a good pattern doing here. This is a good pattern taking the low rejecting on the big taking the low rejecting on the big taking the low rejecting on the big trades. trades. trades. This is really nice. This is really nice. This is really nice. &gt;&gt; So really when it comes to the the big &gt;&gt; So really when it comes to the the big &gt;&gt; So really when it comes to the the big buyers and sellers, for example, if a buyers and sellers, for example, if a buyers and sellers, for example, if a seller stepped in right now seller stepped in right now seller stepped in right now &gt;&gt; but no follow through, that's great for &gt;&gt; but no follow through, that's great for &gt;&gt; but no follow through, that's great for that narrative. If a buyer steps in that narrative. If a buyer steps in that narrative. If a buyer steps in right now with follow through, that's right now with follow through, that's right now with follow through, that's great for the narrative. great for the narrative. great for the narrative. &gt;&gt; Uh what you don't want to see is a &gt;&gt; Uh what you don't want to see is a &gt;&gt; Uh what you don't want to see is a seller step in and it follows through or seller step in and it follows through or seller step in and it follows through or a buyer follow uh fail. a buyer follow uh fail. a buyer follow uh fail. &gt;&gt; Yes. If you are long. Yes. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yes. If you are long. Yes. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yes. If you are long. Yes. Yeah. Opposite if you are short like we were Opposite if you are short like we were Opposite if you are short like we were seeing seeing seeing &gt;&gt; of course &gt;&gt; of course &gt;&gt; of course &gt;&gt; see again fake breakouts &gt;&gt; see again fake breakouts &gt;&gt; see again fake breakouts &gt;&gt; times &gt;&gt; times &gt;&gt; times &gt;&gt; with the rules that I created that you &gt;&gt; with the rules that I created that you &gt;&gt; with the rules that I created that you need to see a full body candle above the need to see a full body candle above the need to see a full body candle above the eye. You are saving all these small eye. You are saving all these small eye. You are saving all these small stops. stops. stops. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because you are not engaging. You are &gt;&gt; Because you are not engaging. You are &gt;&gt; Because you are not engaging. You are simply not engaging. simply not engaging. simply not engaging. I told you NASDAQ is not uncommon that I told you NASDAQ is not uncommon that I told you NASDAQ is not uncommon that it will it will it will &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; do this gain. If it got down there now &gt;&gt; do this gain. If it got down there now &gt;&gt; do this gain. If it got down there now though, at this point in the session, though, at this point in the session, though, at this point in the session, would you still be interested in it or? would you still be interested in it or? would you still be interested in it or? &gt;&gt; I would. It would be an amazing trades, &gt;&gt; I would. It would be an amazing trades, &gt;&gt; I would. It would be an amazing trades, but it means that I need to sacrifice but it means that I need to sacrifice but it means that I need to sacrifice time with uh with my family and I need time with uh with my family and I need time with uh with my family and I need to not eat because I need to manage the to not eat because I need to manage the to not eat because I need to manage the trades. It's really late now for for me. trades. It's really late now for for me. trades. It's really late now for for me. I will take it, but I will bring it to I will take it, but I will bring it to I will take it, but I will bring it to break even as soon as possible. And this break even as soon as possible. And this break even as soon as possible. And this is the only set and forget trades that I is the only set and forget trades that I is the only set and forget trades that I will do. And then yeah because this will do. And then yeah because this will do. And then yeah because this testing of this I go break even at the testing of this I go break even at the testing of this I go break even at the first big volume and then if it reach first big volume and then if it reach first big volume and then if it reach the eyes or if u I need to close it uh the eyes or if u I need to close it uh the eyes or if u I need to close it uh before the end of the day I just don't before the end of the day I just don't before the end of the day I just don't care. care. care. &gt;&gt; Yeah &gt;&gt; Yeah &gt;&gt; Yeah &gt;&gt; just I need to be protected as soon as &gt;&gt; just I need to be protected as soon as &gt;&gt; just I need to be protected as soon as possible but I need also to protect my possible but I need also to protect my possible but I need also to protect my mental health. Yeah, this is something mental health. Yeah, this is something mental health. Yeah, this is something that people are willing to sacrifice that people are willing to sacrifice that people are willing to sacrifice just to make additional 50 bucks per day just to make additional 50 bucks per day just to make additional 50 bucks per day or additional I'm not willing to do it or additional I'm not willing to do it or additional I'm not willing to do it because I am already in a position where because I am already in a position where because I am already in a position where money it's not important for me and money it's not important for me and money it's not important for me and 1,000 1,000 1,000 plus per day doesn't change my life. plus per day doesn't change my life. plus per day doesn't change my life. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So I can decide when to engage and where &gt;&gt; So I can decide when to engage and where &gt;&gt; So I can decide when to engage and where not to engage. For example, now now we not to engage. For example, now now we not to engage. For example, now now we are doing education but this day I will are doing education but this day I will are doing education but this day I will say 1,000 it's enough. Tomorrow it's say 1,000 it's enough. Tomorrow it's say 1,000 it's enough. Tomorrow it's another day and I will wait for the another day and I will wait for the another day and I will wait for the explosion day. I was like this is the explosion day. I was like this is the explosion day. I was like this is the goal of every trader. If you can make goal of every trader. If you can make goal of every trader. If you can make money or just close at break even in the money or just close at break even in the money or just close at break even in the days that your model is not working. So days that your model is not working. So days that your model is not working. So for example, you have a min reverting for example, you have a min reverting for example, you have a min reverting day and you have a trending day, you day and you have a trending day, you day and you have a trending day, you close break even a small profit, you're close break even a small profit, you're close break even a small profit, you're great. great. great. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Same for trend following model. &gt;&gt; Same for trend following model. &gt;&gt; Same for trend following model. &gt;&gt; Whilst we're waiting on this, if we go &gt;&gt; Whilst we're waiting on this, if we go &gt;&gt; Whilst we're waiting on this, if we go down just out of curiosity and I'm sure down just out of curiosity and I'm sure down just out of curiosity and I'm sure there might be some who are might be there might be some who are might be there might be some who are might be thinking this or asking this. thinking this or asking this. thinking this or asking this. &gt;&gt; 5 minutes or 1 minute? &gt;&gt; 5 minutes or 1 minute? &gt;&gt; 5 minutes or 1 minute? &gt;&gt; Uh we stay one minute. If we come down &gt;&gt; Uh we stay one minute. If we come down &gt;&gt; Uh we stay one minute. If we come down to that level where we rebounded off to that level where we rebounded off to that level where we rebounded off &gt;&gt; ah yes this one &gt;&gt; ah yes this one &gt;&gt; ah yes this one &gt;&gt; like there will be people no doubt &gt;&gt; like there will be people no doubt &gt;&gt; like there will be people no doubt thinking thinking thinking &gt;&gt; like why not why don't we try and &gt;&gt; like why not why don't we try and &gt;&gt; like why not why don't we try and execute there because that's going to execute there because that's going to execute there because that's going to give us such a larger trade right and I give us such a larger trade right and I give us such a larger trade right and I know we talked about it slightly earlier know we talked about it slightly earlier know we talked about it slightly earlier but like what would your what would your but like what would your what would your but like what would your what would your opinion on that be because um this setup opinion on that be because um this setup opinion on that be because um this setup here is using the opposite logic that here is using the opposite logic that here is using the opposite logic that I'm using is using one big run with I'm using is using one big run with I'm using is using one big run with lower rate. lower rate. lower rate. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like I can guarantee to you that &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like I can guarantee to you that &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like I can guarantee to you that if you watch NASDAQ session opening if you watch NASDAQ session opening if you watch NASDAQ session opening seven times out of 10 if you try to get seven times out of 10 if you try to get seven times out of 10 if you try to get the aggression you will fail. Three the aggression you will fail. Three the aggression you will fail. Three times out of 10 you will be right and times out of 10 you will be right and times out of 10 you will be right and you will you will take a huge risk to you will you will take a huge risk to you will you will take a huge risk to reward trades. reward trades. reward trades. &gt;&gt; But you have seven red days and three &gt;&gt; But you have seven red days and three &gt;&gt; But you have seven red days and three green days green days green days &gt;&gt; and you don't know when they're &gt;&gt; and you don't know when they're &gt;&gt; and you don't know when they're presented. presented. presented. &gt;&gt; If this is okay for you do it like &gt;&gt; If this is okay for you do it like &gt;&gt; If this is okay for you do it like volume is greater because it's saying volume is greater because it's saying volume is greater because it's saying that these sellers are getting absorbed. that these sellers are getting absorbed. that these sellers are getting absorbed. Just I tried this model and it's not for Just I tried this model and it's not for Just I tried this model and it's not for me. Like when you trade big sides me. Like when you trade big sides me. Like when you trade big sides getting 7 days strict loss that you see getting 7 days strict loss that you see getting 7 days strict loss that you see - 10,000 - 5 - 6 it's heavy - 10,000 - 5 - 6 it's heavy - 10,000 - 5 - 6 it's heavy &gt;&gt; go to sleep with this heaviness is for &gt;&gt; go to sleep with this heaviness is for &gt;&gt; go to sleep with this heaviness is for me it's not I I see before I was me it's not I I see before I was me it's not I I see before I was searching for the home run you know I searching for the home run you know I searching for the home run you know I was wanting to take you see it break the was wanting to take you see it break the was wanting to take you see it break the &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; the session. So this setup of getting &gt;&gt; the session. So this setup of getting &gt;&gt; the session. So this setup of getting the full candle positioning yourself is the full candle positioning yourself is the full candle positioning yourself is not valid anymore. not valid anymore. not valid anymore. This market condition is in reverting. This market condition is in reverting. This market condition is in reverting. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So just &gt;&gt; So just &gt;&gt; So just going to revisit and this should let going to revisit and this should let going to revisit and this should let people understand that taking out here people understand that taking out here people understand that taking out here is saving you money. is saving you money. is saving you money. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Like and if we kept the trade till here, &gt;&gt; Like and if we kept the trade till here, &gt;&gt; Like and if we kept the trade till here, we didn't only not profit this $250, but we didn't only not profit this $250, but we didn't only not profit this $250, but we will also lose $500. we will also lose $500. we will also lose $500. &gt;&gt; So, as you can see, and we can &gt;&gt; So, as you can see, and we can &gt;&gt; So, as you can see, and we can demonstrate this, risk management is if demonstrate this, risk management is if demonstrate this, risk management is if not more important at the same level, not more important at the same level, not more important at the same level, &gt;&gt; cuz keep in mind as well that was with &gt;&gt; cuz keep in mind as well that was with &gt;&gt; cuz keep in mind as well that was with one contract. So, if it was more, one contract. So, if it was more, one contract. So, if it was more, &gt;&gt; if it was more it was 7,500. If it was &gt;&gt; if it was more it was 7,500. If it was &gt;&gt; if it was more it was 7,500. If it was 10 more, at the end of the month, it 10 more, at the end of the month, it 10 more, at the end of the month, it count. count. count. Now the we are completely compressing. Now the we are completely compressing. Now the we are completely compressing. &gt;&gt; Let's see if we accelerate a little bit &gt;&gt; Let's see if we accelerate a little bit &gt;&gt; Let's see if we accelerate a little bit to get to this final point. to get to this final point. to get to this final point. &gt;&gt; If not and call it a day there because &gt;&gt; If not and call it a day there because &gt;&gt; If not and call it a day there because it's been incredible. it's been incredible. it's been incredible. &gt;&gt; If not, &gt;&gt; If not, &gt;&gt; If not, &gt;&gt; we got to see everything though. We got &gt;&gt; we got to see everything though. We got &gt;&gt; we got to see everything though. We got to see break even. We got to see four to see break even. We got to see four to see break even. We got to see four hours of hours of hours of &gt;&gt; I know. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I know. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I know. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think we will just close the day &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think we will just close the day &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think we will just close the day because it's full consolidation rits. because it's full consolidation rits. because it's full consolidation rits. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And uh we'll just check later how it &gt;&gt; And uh we'll just check later how it &gt;&gt; And uh we'll just check later how it went. If it closed the low volume node went. If it closed the low volume node went. If it closed the low volume node and went up. and went up. and went up. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, we'll get a screenshot or &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, we'll get a screenshot or &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, we'll get a screenshot or something going for sure. Everyone at something going for sure. Everyone at something going for sure. Everyone at home, finally we come to an end. Drop a home, finally we come to an end. Drop a home, finally we come to an end. Drop a comment of your biggest takeaway from comment of your biggest takeaway from comment of your biggest takeaway from this episode. Did you enjoy the live this episode. Did you enjoy the live this episode. Did you enjoy the live trading segment? If so, drop it in the trading segment? If so, drop it in the trading segment? If so, drop it in the comments. Let the people know out there comments. Let the people know out there comments. Let the people know out there that they need to be doing live trading that they need to be doing live trading that they need to be doing live trading here on Chartax as well. Obviously, a here on Chartax as well. Obviously, a here on Chartax as well. Obviously, a massive shout out to Fabio because it massive shout out to Fabio because it massive shout out to Fabio because it takes a lot. It wasn't planned. I, you takes a lot. It wasn't planned. I, you takes a lot. It wasn't planned. I, you know, I didn't ask him. He he offered to know, I didn't ask him. He he offered to know, I didn't ask him. He he offered to do this which is incredible and such do this which is incredible and such do this which is incredible and such incredible trading skill and you get to incredible trading skill and you get to incredible trading skill and you get to see it here live what a true see it here live what a true see it here live what a true professional trader does but also what a professional trader does but also what a professional trader does but also what a true professional playbook and strategy true professional playbook and strategy true professional playbook and strategy looks like really. Um but links for looks like really. Um but links for looks like really. Um but links for Fabio will be in the description below Fabio will be in the description below Fabio will be in the description below so make sure you check that out right so make sure you check that out right so make sure you check that out right now. Uh hit subscribe, hit like. Other now. Uh hit subscribe, hit like. Other now. Uh hit subscribe, hit like. Other episodes are on screen. We've been chaff episodes are on screen. We've been chaff episodes are on screen. We've been chaff and until next time, take